There.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: we begin in the lower floor of
Timothy Sackton: the palace.
Timothy Sackton: Our chief Lub Ashes Palace in the Orc is city of Uzkar
Timothy Sackton: in the land of the peaceful sun, the kingdom of
Timothy Sackton: their cause. the land of the free Orcs.
Timothy Sackton: hidden in the desert for several generations
Timothy Sackton: the battle was chaotic
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: scattered around the large that you are in.
Timothy Sackton: you can see the signs of that chaos problem.
Timothy Sackton: The older woman, Evelina. sorcerer on. died in battle. her body's still lying on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: Padmos beheaded and dead.
Timothy Sackton: his
Timothy Sackton: bizarre seeming
Timothy Sackton: shrunk and
Timothy Sackton: faded almost
Timothy Sackton: a pile of now gear and and random treasure and weapons stripped from the
Timothy Sackton: folks that you had you have just defeated, scattered around, but
Timothy Sackton: not even yet looked at.
Timothy Sackton: The air, are propped up now nearly fall.
Timothy Sackton: Meanwhile the auraks, booted in battle, struggling.
Timothy Sackton: pull themselves together. Cheese, Lubash.
Timothy Sackton: mere death, wounded drains, exhausted by the
Timothy Sackton: a sickening radiance of Delaware's spell that he was caught within.
Timothy Sackton: recovered the cloak, wearing it propped up, leaning against the wall, talking quietly with
Timothy Sackton: General Maruk, who is standing guard over him.
Timothy Sackton: several other, the 2 other Orc warriors who had assisted you. gorgeous and Dragmar, heading off to patrol the castle
Timothy Sackton: and check on the undead attack that had struck the gates.
Timothy Sackton: the massive, dead body of a demon.
Timothy Sackton: Blood demonic blood scattered across the corridor.
Timothy Sackton: disrupting the
Timothy Sackton: filling the hallway that leads to Lubash's room of foul stench beginning to emanate from its corpse as it slowly
Timothy Sackton: fades away.
Timothy Sackton: and you look around in the
Timothy Sackton: chaos and
Timothy Sackton: aftermath
Timothy Sackton: of this fight at each other
Timothy Sackton: I forget who was actually badly gained in the fight.
Timothy Sackton: Probably Kenzo, right?
Kate Sackton: I mean, I church or something like
Kate Sackton: why, there's a word echo on.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm okay if I took a bunch of damage, but got a bunch of healing right. A lot of people took a bunch of damage, but got a bunch of.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think any of us got really badly wounded. Yeah, I'm only down a third.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, same, while half.
Mike Sackton: not quite half
Kate Sackton: and
Kate Sackton: two-thirds. If so as you stand
Timothy Sackton: here on completing your next move.
Timothy Sackton: looking around at each other.
Timothy Sackton: let's have everybody described. It's
Kate Sackton: okay. Well, this one is
Kate Sackton: a dwarf standing in her armor with her.
Kate Sackton:  shatter
Kate Sackton: acts at the ready
Kate Sackton: you know, having and
Kate Sackton: taking on enemies so recently, she's looking around.
Kate Sackton: making sure that her party and her allies. I,
Kate Sackton: recovering, stabilized, thinking about healing
Kate Sackton: that might needed.
Kate Sackton: She was
Kate Sackton: took off her helmet when when there was just you wear helmet. When
Kate Sackton: the discussion was going on about what to do with all of these these prisoners, and has just been
Kate Sackton:  making sure that
Kate Sackton: she's still at the ready in case any
Kate Sackton: for their needs related to the ongoing war outside or
Kate Sackton: Orkish allies rise.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who there is it again?
Timothy Sackton: It's like 3 in the morning.
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Eric Rosenbaum: so
Eric Rosenbaum: until a few minutes ago you saw Seeker crouched down
Eric Rosenbaum: reverently. rolling the now
Eric Rosenbaum: lifeless. heroic ladder into a tight coil.
Eric Rosenbaum: plucking the occasional thorn from it, where it was pricked in the act of removing the brambles from Wellby's legs.
Eric Rosenbaum: He also went off to find
Eric Rosenbaum: the false cloak.
Eric Rosenbaum: and has carefully folded that up the simulacrum of the cloak
Eric Rosenbaum: and placed it at top the ladder. But now
Eric Rosenbaum: he's gone off to find
Eric Rosenbaum: a skylight somewhere penetrating through the palace to the level that we're on.
Eric Rosenbaum: staring up almost
Eric Rosenbaum: listlessly at the stars, and then he
Eric Rosenbaum: and a posture that you don't usually see him in. It's just flat on his back. sweeping his arms and legs.
Eric Rosenbaum: drinking in the starlight, staring up.
Mike Sackton: Delta is.
Mike Sackton: and elf
Mike Sackton: somewhat ageless in appearance. although you know that he's
Mike Sackton: young in his?
Mike Sackton: It's part of the
Mike Sackton: experience stage. I don't know. I don't know how you count age when you're on some other plane. But He! He has sort of shoulder length.
Mike Sackton:  Silvery hair and
Mike Sackton: lightly copper skin.
Mike Sackton: He is wearing this new set of armor that it's not as new as it used to be, but the colorful. Then a quiet armor
Mike Sackton: that sort of cleverly structured, mostly blended to his clothes, but as you glance bits of it. It's clearly
Mike Sackton: protective and his. He has no weapon. His sword has gone back to whatever dimension he stores it in but he does have his shield still out right on 1 one arm, like like he is, is ready for battle, and the 2 links is the shield is also colorfully painted
Mike Sackton: and yellow and blue, and
Mike Sackton: their 2 lynxes on it are their eyes move independently. Kind of constantly looking around. Dealt with is
Mike Sackton: what's
Mike Sackton: tired and also a little bit
Mike Sackton: taken ab back. Not take it up, not like surprised, but just
Mike Sackton: like that. Battle was a close call. and it is concerning
Mike Sackton: and hold on 1 s.
Mike Sackton: They
Mike Sackton: Tim, Mom, is a little concerned that we just abandoned their children. Nobody knows what's happening with the
Mike Sackton: and you can you talk to him?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Okay, okay, so the correct. So moment, though, we're supposed to do anything.
Mike Sackton: Sorry, where was it? So he just looks like
Mike Sackton: concerned a little bit by how close we came to losing the cloak. And there's just a sort of look of
Mike Sackton: a little bit of anxiety like deal with replaying the moment where Hector pushed him aside like a twig
Mike Sackton: to get to to
Mike Sackton: We'll we back
Mike Sackton: numer And you know, as he is thinking about this. He walks over to Lubash. It is sort of quietly asking him if if he needs anything. If if he's recovering. Okay, sort of offering some
food in
Mike Sackton: anything else that
Mike Sackton: Lubash might need in sort of just discussing.
Mike Sackton: sort of quietly checking on him sort of in an undertone.
Kate Sackton: This one pays attention in case you beckon, because she's been thinking the best she might need some healing.
Mike Sackton: Does he need healing
Mike Sackton: you already? Here? I mean, he's already healed. He's he's he's fully, but he's physically, but it's more. Yeah. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's not emotionally yielded yet, right right
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): out of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wilby's bow and arrows are stowed again on his back and his
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): into glamour. It's set of leather armor which usually just takes the form of whatever the local clothes are instead, is in. It's unglamored state, and it's this, our first sort of for the greed and the leather, with feathers and designs of birds fighting in the air.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And that's both very well made and well worn both at once.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's having a sort of internal debate in his head. You can see him sort of going back and forth
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): even as his eyes glanced around the room, sort of playing out the beats of the battle. But he's squatting down over the packs and the gear that we've taken off the people and piled in the middle of the room.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): systematically going through them one after another, looking for the top
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to see if we're being scried, as he clearly is, having a conversation internally
Eric Rosenbaum: thinking
Mike Sackton: now. So there you go ahead, you transition to as you as you are as well as is sorting through this pile of stuff.
Timothy Sackton: There is not as much as you would expect. there, there's actually no, there's no pax. There's no
Timothy Sackton:  There's no food, really. There's no tense or camping gear.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I came from the boat.
Timothy Sackton: What if they flew here on undead undead creatures. Yes.
Timothy Sackton:  You find so from
Timothy Sackton:  there's a a
Timothy Sackton: non-trivial collection of scattered potions that you've managed to gather from the
Timothy Sackton: crowd. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6,
Timothy Sackton: 10 potions of various kinds.
Timothy Sackton:  there is a a
Timothy Sackton: strange like one foot by 6, inch by 6 inch, like wooden box that looks like it has many, many layers of wood. almost like a
Timothy Sackton: full, like a very much folded piece of paper that's shaped like this sort of narrow box.
Timothy Sackton:  There's a handful of gems.
Timothy Sackton: Antonia had 2 small diamonds on her.
Timothy Sackton: Cassian had a pearl on him, as well as a couple of small pouches that
Timothy Sackton: you know, a handful of coins, some you know, silver, silver jewelry, some low-quality, freshwater pearls.
Timothy Sackton: Antonio was also wearing a a ring, a silver and pearl ring.
Timothy Sackton: and Cassian has was wearing 3 rings plus the wand that was threaded through the chlight.
Timothy Sackton: and his spell book, which has a
Timothy Sackton: Almost a pulsating web of chlight embedded into the cover.
Mike Sackton:  But it was Cassiana. He was a wizard. Yeah. don't like that.
Timothy Sackton: Cadmus
Timothy Sackton: had.
Kate Sackton: And I, if we're looking through, should I cast? Can I cast identify on the wooden paper thing?
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I mean, there are all these rings you mentioned, magical. None of the rings on that.
Mike Sackton: The only magic thing is the potions in the box.
Eric Rosenbaum: the spellbock, and the
Timothy Sackton: the wand is not magical.
Timothy Sackton: the. But Hector's boots are magical, and Hector's weapon is halberd is magical.
Timothy Sackton: Cadmus had this a number of things the ever spinning top
Timothy Sackton:  The. He has a a
Timothy Sackton: small gem that seems to be
Timothy Sackton:  flickering with some inner fire. That's magical.
Timothy Sackton:  as you
Timothy Sackton: as you beheaded him. You noticed he. He had this sort of swirling gray tattoo, that of like sort of shadowy, dancing, shadowy mists. that
Timothy Sackton: ran up his arm, and and as he died it
Timothy Sackton: faded, and this
Timothy Sackton: like red black needle, with shadows oozing off of that fell
Timothy Sackton: which seems to contain the magic of that tattoo
Eric Rosenbaum: and needle
Timothy Sackton: like a tattooing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and I
Timothy Sackton: he also has a
Timothy Sackton:  a rod that's topped with a kind of oath. like a a twisting sort of silverish design that holds within it. a
Timothy Sackton: dark black piece of obsidian. which is magical.
Timothy Sackton: canvas also has a
Timothy Sackton:  scrying what you recognize as a scrying focus
Timothy Sackton: a silver mirror.
Timothy Sackton: that's etched with this sort of black etchings around the the side. That's decorated as sort of a whole bunch of like dancing gem encrusted skeletons surrounding the outside of this ornate silver hand mirror.
Timothy Sackton: and he has a
Timothy Sackton: the skull of a halfling that has been but it's gilted with gold. probably several 100 gold pieces worth of gold. Well, how would somebody have that, Dan?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just a round of it might be a spell, a a component for a spell would be something that you can show it to the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: and then there's also. Antonia also had on her a magical chime, like a
Timothy Sackton: like a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): bell that you can ring.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and did you say the screen top also?
Timothy Sackton: So the things that are magical are Hector's boots and weapon.
Timothy Sackton: Hasse and Spellbook.
Timothy Sackton: the fiery gem, the tattoo needle, and the rod and the top from Cadmus.
Timothy Sackton: the chime from Antonia and the the weird origami box.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and there's also a A pouch that has 18, like small, almost like tapioca pearls in them that are magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: Each pearl is magical
Timothy Sackton: while they're like tapioca. They're like Boba. But yes, they're all magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, they're not literally pearls. They're little pieces of some kind of river.
Timothy Sackton: They look edible. They look literally like tapioca. Oh, but the stuff that goes in!
Eric Rosenbaum: That's odd.
The
Eric Rosenbaum: magic candy you like energy.
Timothy Sackton: So as you as Wellbe is sorting through this, and
Timothy Sackton: Brisbane went wanders over, and
Timothy Sackton: begins to identify the weird wooden box.
Timothy Sackton: This is a foldable boat.
Timothy Sackton: hold it into a 16 foot long, 6 foot wide, 3 foot deep boat, with 2 pairs of ores, and a sail that can hold 8 medium creatures
Mike Sackton: that is.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's good to have pretty cool when you're in a stone boat in the sky.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is this the is this the boat that they were on. Were they on a boat
Mike Sackton: they were on a boat.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you'd have to unfold it to look, but
Timothy Sackton: it could listen to me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let them fold it, because I feel like if this was the boat they're on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): then where is the rest of their stuff?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe it folds into the thing. Maybe not
Mike Sackton: like all their
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): camping supplies.
Kate Sackton: Well, maybe one of these things is like our
Kate Sackton: mirror pouch or clefts a hole or something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I haven't identified any of the other things. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you do you want to unfold the boat?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: As a as I got a secret gotten up, I was like.
Mike Sackton: or obsessing about the stars. By the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: he can just kind of check on him, starting to listen and notice that things are happening with respect to weird items.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: at some point gets up to stumble over. Maybe when he starts to hear the boat unfolding.
Kate Sackton: wristwind approaches seeker and says.
Kate Sackton: we've just been through
Kate Sackton: quite a battle, and you know a lot of experiences leading up to it.
Kate Sackton: Would you like me to cast a restoration spell for you.
Eric Rosenbaum: as okay, I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm okay. Thank you.
Kate Sackton: Would everyone else like me to cast a restoration spell for a seeker?
Mike Sackton: That might be a good idea. You. You seem a little off seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum:  I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: restoration would restore my spell slots. Is that true?
Eric Rosenbaum: Would remove any curses or attunments to cursed things, or
Kate Sackton:  keep you from being
Kate Sackton: charmed.
Kate Sackton: restore anything that was reducing one of your ability scores or reducing your hit point maximum.
Eric Rosenbaum: My abilities are amazing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Secret little restoration is good for everybody. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: So we should. We should all have it then, probably.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Why don't you lead us off.
Kate Sackton: I Kenza was enthusiastic about this. He was. He was ready
Kate Sackton: there, you know. where is Kenza? By the way.
Timothy Sackton: he's just hanging around quietly in the background.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, giving a talk about consciousness and personal
Kate Sackton: eating the or most people what
Kate Sackton: restoration is like or what Consciousness is like and
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Kate Sackton: And as we ponder. Hey! What is Kenzo doing? And
Kate Sackton: hats up? that's a
Kate Sackton: seeker on the back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks. I'm feeling better already. You've got the magical touch for one
Timothy Sackton: hold on.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: okay, so
Timothy Sackton: okay. So as Rizman, as you walk over to seeker, you see, rizwin kind of. you know. fiddling with her
Timothy Sackton: one of her, you know, pouches, and and she begins to to
Timothy Sackton: say say a prayer, and like just kind of sprinkle some
Timothy Sackton: sparkly dust around the air overseeker
Timothy Sackton:  and seeker. As Rizwin says this prayer.
Timothy Sackton: blue Bash, not having recovered enough or stood up through active to reactivate the cloak's power.
Timothy Sackton: haven't been unconscious. He needs to and reattune to it, for which I totally always forget about, but, technically speaking, being unconscious, I believe, breaks
Timothy Sackton: 2 min every time you go unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: I think that's right.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, he has not
Timothy Sackton:  that
Timothy Sackton: are now a side that does. Being unconscious doesn't
Timothy Sackton:  Anyway, he hasn't restarted the the protection of the cloak. And so, yeah, we'll say he had it folded because I was killing him, I mean, he turned it off for the battle. It turned out. Yeah. So Rizwin's prayers still work, and as rizwin
Timothy Sackton: does this. You see you you.
Timothy Sackton: I guess rizwin, or anybody who's I think Welby would notice this, too.
Timothy Sackton: you see. briefly made visible kind of clinging to seekers back this
Timothy Sackton: almost like
Timothy Sackton:  Like a gargoyle made out of ice like a sort of flying creature with these, with wings that are kind of wrapped around seeker. It's claws hanging onto its shoulders.
Timothy Sackton: And it rears up and it as as you cast the spell res when it hises at you. and you can see it begin to detach. But
Timothy Sackton: you need you. You realize in this moment, as you're casting the spell, that
Timothy Sackton:  greater restoration alone is not enough to
Timothy Sackton: trap this spirit. You need something
Timothy Sackton: called something of ice
Timothy Sackton: to lure it away for the bond to be broken.
Timothy Sackton: And then in a moment
Timothy Sackton: the image fields
Eric Rosenbaum: that felt strange. But What was that thing?
Timothy Sackton: Seeker could not see it just rizwin and well be.
Timothy Sackton: that's what I could see it clearly will be. You would just. Your perception is good enough. You would just have like this vague sense of this
Timothy Sackton: icy form on Seeker's back.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, we can't contain himself. What the hell is that?
Timothy Sackton: Maruk? The bark is, general who's standing over, who's been mostly paying attention to Lubac.
Timothy Sackton: leaps up at this and says, looks at you. And what
Timothy Sackton: so more danger?
Timothy Sackton: What did you see
the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): no new danger.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): will be snooked slow nods.
Eric Rosenbaum: But when was it, Rizman?
Kate Sackton: Well.
Kate Sackton: This one describes, you know I have to say that what it looked like to me was a icy guard whale digging its talons into your back and shoulders.
Kate Sackton:  Unfortunately, it's still long for the ride, because I didn't have something ready to prison it in when I detached it with that, though.
Kate Sackton: and not having really known what
Kate Sackton: would be encountered,
Kate Sackton: Given your symptoms.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have noticed recently a slightly increased pension
Eric Rosenbaum: for frozen desserts, and so forth.
Eric Rosenbaum: I also very nearly steered us against everyone's wishes in our flying stoneship
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Kate Sackton: very high.
Eric Rosenbaum: straight up into this guy. and
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if that thing was the cause. Some odd impulses I've had.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's too bad.
Kate Sackton: Well.
Kate Sackton: ponder this challenge, and see what resources we can bring to bear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I I could just turn well into a block of ice that might work.
Eric Rosenbaum: You need to let you in that form, wouldn't he?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know there are no bad ideas in brainstorming. But but let's let's put that to the side just for the moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, what who else could I turn into a block of ice that we could eat?
Kate Sackton: Well, we have this little pile of gear, you know. Maybe there's a folding ice cube.
Mike Sackton: And then, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I suppose now that you mentioned, I could just make an ice cube, but I don't think I could do that till tomorrow, because I made the cloak.
Kate Sackton: Yes, we can. I'll have a rest, and and this again tomorrow just
Kate Sackton: we'll take good care of you. Tell us if you're having any strange impulses.
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Eric Rosenbaum: must be some other way to freeze things.
Eric Rosenbaum: You know my
Eric Rosenbaum: use my glove to turn the shocking grasp ability into a
Eric Rosenbaum: freezing grasp. I think hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wouldn't really help
Eric Rosenbaum: want to try them.
Eric Rosenbaum:  if that's just a gargoyle talking
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): meaningful
Mike Sackton: a you
Kate Sackton: I mean, I could probably make a nice cube with fabricate or something. I mean materials into products of the
Mike Sackton: need. An ice cube. I can make an ice cube.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that what's needed?
Kate Sackton: I don't know. You're the one who brought up ice cubes
Kate Sackton: and other, you know, tasty cold foods.
I
Kate Sackton: think that perhaps my cube might melt and the thing get out. So
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm!
Kate Sackton: Maybe something
Kate Sackton: related to Starlight, or
Kate Sackton: we should ponder this. But also I can't really cast
Kate Sackton: the spell to detach it again.
Eric Rosenbaum: No?
Kate Sackton: okay.
Kate Sackton: But we could try just the ice cube.
Kate Sackton: A big ice cube, a really interesting ice cube.  then
Kate Sackton: doesn't matter. Maybe it doesn't matter if it melts later.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm recalling that I see fortress up in the mountains, the I see palace, the frozen palace where where it had
Eric Rosenbaum: frozen statues, people that had been turned to icy forms, and I was tempted to but off their fingers, and so forth, and perhaps
Eric Rosenbaum: it does make sense to try to make a frozen
Eric Rosenbaum: body
Eric Rosenbaum: to her back to the fruit freezing. Well, the idea of it might maybe not
Eric Rosenbaum: a specific idea.
Kate Sackton: I don't think it's necessarily in the the burial cultures of either of our battle victims
Kate Sackton: be frozen for science. But
Mike Sackton: we're probably not. Would you like a an ice body for maybe try and attract this creature, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: if you can create one that that could help. Yes, that has to really be
Eric Rosenbaum: tasty looking.
Mike Sackton: You just need some water.
Kate Sackton: but I don't have
Kate Sackton: You can't cast another spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I see we just can't do it right now.
Mike Sackton: If we could. F wow! If I rest then I could. I don't even need water. I could create water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, somewhere. I have that tea kettle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that could just pour out water.
Kate Sackton: I think we have a date tomorrow with seekers, tea kettle del with
Kate Sackton: freeze deliciousness, and
Timothy Sackton: well, maybe maybe we can make water. They do have wells and stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: though, if we could practice tonight and and we could make a big frozen
Eric Rosenbaum: and creature convection and I I would just it it.
I don't know if that's healthy seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you mean?
Mike Sackton: Well, just
Mike Sackton: generally he
eating.
Mike Sackton: you know, human shaped ice sculptures is a little
Eric Rosenbaum: as
Kate Sackton: Why don't you make it like roast chicken shaped?
Eric Rosenbaum: We? Would you like some, I see, Rose Chicken. Would that make you feel better? Definitely?
Mike Sackton: We can try that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Mike Sackton: I I don't know how nice it'll be. I can't do fine detail.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I can do that part actually
Mike Sackton: sculpt it
Eric Rosenbaum: just by hand. nibble it! No!
Timothy Sackton: So as you are talking, Lubash
Kate Sackton: slowly stands up, I bet you, for
Timothy Sackton: he hasn't exactly been his thing. But
Timothy Sackton: begins to walk towards you slowly. Kind of.
Timothy Sackton: He's he's tall, he's big for an or he's his note.
Timothy Sackton: you know. He's a a
Timothy Sackton: 6 foot tall, with
green, so green, skin
Timothy Sackton: sort of with tens of
Timothy Sackton: hell, gray and and desert dust. as he stands up. But he's looking
Timothy Sackton: haggard and pale at the moment, Weary.
Timothy Sackton: leaning heavily on Maru as he walks. no visible wounds on him.
Timothy Sackton:  But clearly affected by the battle.
Timothy Sackton: his. The hood of the cloak is thrown back, and he's just now Put it back on and clasped it around him in this
Timothy Sackton: shimmering rainbow light is now kind of falling off him.
Timothy Sackton: and a cascade of cloth and
Timothy Sackton: illusion I'm as he
Timothy Sackton: stumbles towards you.
Timothy Sackton: begins to speak.
Timothy Sackton: That was.
Timothy Sackton: I am grateful that you were here.
Timothy Sackton: for the outcome of that would have been far worse. Have you not been here to protect us?
Timothy Sackton: Do not know what else this army has in store.
Timothy Sackton: but I believe it is best for all of us. If get some rest and speak in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: I would be here when you interrogate the prisoners.
Timothy Sackton: but I trust them to your safe keeping, for now.
Timothy Sackton: should you wish to sleep here, rooms can be provided. or return to your ship as you desire.
Timothy Sackton: I will
Timothy Sackton: retire elsewhere for the evening, as I,
Timothy Sackton: my chambers, will need tension before I feel comfortable sleeping down here again. He's a you. A slight bow
Timothy Sackton: that speaks quietly to Brook for a minute. Who then? Says she's gonna
Timothy Sackton: make sure he makes it safely to the bed and is guarded, and we'll return. If there's anything that you need
Kate Sackton: a question.
Kate Sackton: go up to our ship. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: we join them in the To to tumble up. We'll come down to the palace in the morning. Yes, I think so too. I agree
Eric Rosenbaum: so pleasantly. Cooler up there.
Mike Sackton:  I'm going to try something. I don't think this is going to work, because I'm almost certain the creature that gargoyle is, Fay
Mike Sackton: not a fiend.
Mike Sackton: Right? Do we have any reason to think we we don't.
Mike Sackton: We think it's pretty almost certainly related to the Ice Queen, who was Fay. Right? Yes. okay. So the chance of this working is, but it
it's wet. 4 in the morning.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So my.
Mike Sackton: so my sword charge resets at dawn. So it's going to be resets in 2 h, anyway, as may as well try it
Mike Sackton: So Delete will take out his sword narsal right in our salt. That sounds like a tolkien. That's a token that's not n ourselves a token sort. What? What's this called? And he'll
Mike Sackton: holding the sort in one hand. Hell!
Mike Sackton: Mutter a short command word,
Mike Sackton: And the
Mike Sackton: and then.
so yeah.
Mike Sackton: something like, you see, a sort of slight, shimmering energy surrounds. Deal with and then he, we just reach out and touch seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing happens.
Mike Sackton: It's not a fiend
Eric Rosenbaum: this is worth a try, though.
Mike Sackton: Assume is that if there was a fee that would have done something
Eric Rosenbaum: you don't know. Who knows? Who knows?
Timothy Sackton: One can assume
Kate Sackton: one can go get some sleep.
Mike Sackton: Yes, so we think it's time this stuff up there. I think I think we should.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably it saves arguments later.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's nothing dangerous to us here, is there? probably not. We could hold it.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I don't want to that. You needle too intimately, but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just like in the Ice Castle.
Eric Rosenbaum: See again
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that we're safe, just like in the Ice Castle
Timothy Sackton: about Mike for us.
Kate Sackton: No Mike's person. I broke up.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yeah.
I mind frozen now, I hope.
Mike Sackton: Yes, my
Mike Sackton:  the
the I don't think we should put anything from cat most in the same
Mike Sackton: space is the scepter until we understand
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to breathe. Oh, put the so in the bag.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think so, for for all we know that like creepy gem is like
adverse is
Mike Sackton: sole, and we'll go in. Possess the scepter if we put it in the same portable as him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's with segregate. That's a great idea, Douglas. Did somebody spin the top?
Is the top spinning.
Mike Sackton: Look at it. Turn our backs.
Mike Sackton: Nope, not spinning all the hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're not being scried. Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: So you don't
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): remind me quickly, how does the top work? Does it start spinning? If we're being scribe for
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): now it's being observed right? It spins as long as it's being observed.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what it is. So you have to.
Mike Sackton: You have to. It's like slightly ineffective as a scribe detector in the sense that, as far as I can tell, what you have to do is
Eric Rosenbaum: you look at it so that it starts spinning and then turn away and listen to here if it falls over. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the way to make it a scry detector is to like attach a bell to it, or something, so that you can hear it as it
Mike Sackton: if it starts spinning right? I mean that it's also. But it's basically a child's toy. Right? It's just also useful as a as it.
Timothy Sackton: If you have no stronger, more powerful magic like, see? Invisibility.
Mike Sackton: Okay? So we're taking a long rest. Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, you
Eric Rosenbaum: unrest.
Timothy Sackton: So as you wake in the morning late morning. close the nude.
Timothy Sackton: What are your
Timothy Sackton: what do you? What are your plans for the day.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  I feel like there's still this enormous army of undead
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like, yeah, immediately going to destroy this scheme. And that feels
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): pressing. yeah, I think we
Mike Sackton: regroup with Lubash and interrogate the our captives, and then we kind of have to go after grant crash. Don't you think
Kate Sackton: we had some sort of
Kate Sackton: things we were going to do to try to build defenses and traps and layers upon layers, and it got very complicated. And I can't remember what we actually did, but was part of it that I cast.
Kate Sackton: Everything's already like for whatever it is called.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Last for 24 h. So sometime this afternoon it will end.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was just for the palace to prevent themselves coming in.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, and to kill all the undead and to kill all the undead
Mike Sackton: right. The teleporting in turns out not to be useful, killing their giant undead hawks, or whatever they were flying in on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Quite.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is totally an accident, but total accident. But, like, you know, we'll take it right. It's amazing.
Kate Sackton: But there is an army of undead sort of in the neighborhood. So maybe keeping, isn't it? Like
Mike Sackton: kind of far away? It's it's several days march away
Kate Sackton: as of last as I yesterday. Why.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, you don't really know exactly where it is, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: as of yesterday it was still on the border, which is like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: a 2 days at a very hard march for an army even of Undead.
Timothy Sackton: probably would cover it in 4 days.
Timothy Sackton: Right? It was 2 days at like, you know, a gallup on a horse right changing horses and not not stopping or flying on a sky chef like it would take the army
Timothy Sackton: 4 to 6 days to travel that at least.
Kate Sackton: You know how it is. Once you get a new skill, you want to do it routinely to, you know. Keep your street going, you know.
Kate Sackton: There might be a benefit to doing it. They don't even cost the spouse lot, so you can certainly keep doing it.
Timothy Sackton: It's just a 20 min ritual.
Kate Sackton: right?
Timothy Sackton: So you regroup in the morning after waking up.
Timothy Sackton: having some breakfast.
Timothy Sackton:  Leaving Kenzo to guard the skieship for simplicity.
Timothy Sackton: and you bring the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: You leave the loot.
Timothy Sackton: Is that correct. Okay, but you bring the mirror down and find Lubash
Timothy Sackton: Maruke and Lubat chiefly Bash and his sort of his counsel. Right? So
Timothy Sackton: primarily, General Maru and the Lord master as Agar, who isn't the Lord Masters? An old man, maybe in his early seventies, with dark green skin that's almost black, and patches and long, thinning white hair.
Timothy Sackton: avoid. I mean, he's he's not.
Timothy Sackton: you know. He is old, and, and, you know, frail walks with a cane definitely. Not a combatant in any form, and you know, avoided the fight entirely. Luckily
Timothy Sackton: Maru is still on edge. healed up from a good night's sleep. But still wearing her chain male, her sword drawn at her side.
Timothy Sackton:  And as you as you approach  you can sense as you land in the palace, the oppressive aura of the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: well oppressive primarily for Rizman and and del with this aura that just
Timothy Sackton: mute your senses, and you know, mute. Your connection to the divine is active.
Okay?
Timothy Sackton: You find Lubash sitting with his with his counselors. in the throne room where you've met before, but he's not seated on the throne as a wooden table that's been. I'm drawn up into the center, and there's some food laid out some melon and tea, and
Timothy Sackton: little sort of flat wheat.
Timothy Sackton: Brad, kind of like pitas, but rolled out thin.
Timothy Sackton: Some some yogurt, some cheese, just like a breakfast spread laid out, and he invites you to just come join him and talk
Timothy Sackton:  before the interrogation. Any any turns as you sit down to Maru, who speaks and says,
Timothy Sackton: There was news early this morning from the front
Timothy Sackton:  as of
Timothy Sackton: 2 days ago.
Timothy Sackton: so our information is now somewhat out of date. but after the first attack failed, although at great cost to us
come.
Timothy Sackton: it seemed that
Timothy Sackton: garage, frustrated by the inability of his orcish army to penetrate our defenses.
Timothy Sackton: has begun slaughtering his own troops.
Eric Rosenbaum: As I'm dead.
Timothy Sackton: you don't know how long it will take.
Timothy Sackton: We have no experience in this matter.
Timothy Sackton: but we must give some thought to
Timothy Sackton: an undead army bearing down on arsenes within the next week.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, do we know anything about the rate at which garage can resurrect cabinet.
Timothy Sackton: I I mean. The one thing that you saw in this in the clairvoyance from long ago was that
Timothy Sackton: it seemed like he had to actually like do something in the presence of the bodies
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Timothy Sackton: although, on the other hand.
Timothy Sackton: the Orcs you killed some Orcs that then just crawled out of the ground 8 h later
Eric Rosenbaum: at night. Right?
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: it's definitely not. It's certainly not, as far as you know. Anyway, you never saw anything, or having evidence that it was anything like. you know. He holds up his ring, and lightning shoots out to a thousand Orcs, and they all just instantly turned toward the dead
Timothy Sackton: so it could take a day if it requires, like the Orcs, to be so, you know.
Timothy Sackton: cursed, and then spotted and then buried, and then wait for them to crawl out of their grades.
Timothy Sackton: It could be a bit longer than that. If Gosh has to personally kill the Orcs right.
Timothy Sackton: It's so we going to be a week.
Mike Sackton: We don't have any idea if
Mike Sackton: these forces of Grosser, in some fashion animated
Mike Sackton: by him right
Mike Sackton: like, if we take the ring from garage?
Mike Sackton: Does all of his skeletons just die?
Eric Rosenbaum: Wouldn't that be cool? Yeah, yeah, we
Mike Sackton: could we?
Kate Sackton: Or it just means he can't make more
Eric Rosenbaum: in the forbidden region, move
Kate Sackton: the forbidden region. I can put forbidences anywhere in non overlapping places with sequential rituals, so I could just start like
Kate Sackton: forbidden thing
could you forbid into our flying castle.
Eric Rosenbaum: or like
Mike Sackton: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: for bid-ins can't be cast on a moving object?
Eric Rosenbaum: Can it be cast at a distance.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: because it's like. could we get close enough to garage himself just to cast that and then get out of there?
Timothy Sackton: It's not really an offensive spell, but it's a pretty strong defensive spell
Eric Rosenbaum: there.
Timothy Sackton: like, you know, with
Timothy Sackton: spending, because it's a 20 min ritual. It doesn't require a spell slot. You could cast, you know. 30 of them a day or so
Timothy Sackton: if you were just doing that. But you can protect a big area. But it can't. You can't, really, it's range of touch. So you have to be able to. You have to actually be in the area that you're protecting.
Timothy Sackton: which means it doesn't work very well, for, like
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you could Airdrop, I mean, if you could protect Rizmann for 20 min
Timothy Sackton: in the middle of an Undead army. Then you could like wipe a lot of them out, but that seems challenging.
Mike Sackton: I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know how challenging that really is. To be honest, is there? Can we drop you into the middle of a camp. 200 can.
Mike Sackton: But I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: does invisibility vanish when you start or finish.
Timothy Sackton: start the cast of spell it to cast a 10 min long spell requires you using your action every single round to cast a spell for
Timothy Sackton: 600 rounds.
Timothy Sackton: would you?
Kate Sackton: I mean, I can do a 30 foot radius, turn, undead and blast any undead that can see or hear me.
Kate Sackton: Then
Kate Sackton:  one last for a minute, and you need at least 10 min to cast forbearance. Right?
Kate Sackton: Oh, no, I'm not. I'm just saying as a weapon, yeah, or useful doing, you know what would be really useful
Kate Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: magic circle targeting on debt targeting. I know it can't target. Oh, no, it can.
Mike Sackton: If only my sword wasn't limited to fiends, you could just stand inside a magic circle.
Mike Sackton: We just need somebody with a 6. We can cast a six-level spell
Mike Sackton: magic. We just need to find a spellcaster could cast magic circle, and then you drop.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, it's only a third level style.
Mike Sackton: What kind of spell is it? Can anybody we in magic circle
Mike Sackton: can anybody learn to cast magic circle.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have this thing that allows me to learn
Eric Rosenbaum: random other spells down to.
Mike Sackton: It's a power. It's a quiric spell. Yeah, I can do magic circle. So why don't you just cast magic circle protecting you from a dead and cast for parents? What do you need the rest of us for
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bruce. One could single-handedly win the water.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not as simple as that, because
Timothy Sackton: it's a it's a 10 foot radius. If they have any ranged weapons at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? It doesn't. It doesn't make you immune to attacks.
Timothy Sackton: It means they can't enter it. But there's absolutely nothing stopping you from being from arrows being ranged down on you
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): put a wall of stone around it
Eric Rosenbaum: right? We could. We could make a dome for riz with right
Eric Rosenbaum: like a bubble. There's ways to solve that problem. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: for kids who can just run around catching all the arrows. But magic circle also has a casting time of 1 min.
Timothy Sackton: so you still need to be able to protect yourself.
Eric Rosenbaum: You still need to be able to keep Rizwin alive for a minute.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We need a third spell that keeps her safe for one
Mike Sackton: turn on debt.
Eric Rosenbaum: Boo
Eric Rosenbaum: doesn't turn on dead last for a minute is that we just said
Kate Sackton: so. I jump in do turn on dead. Well, I'm casting magic circle. Well, well, I'm beginning the mature ritual for
Mike Sackton: basically. And then we got to do a few other things right?
Eric Rosenbaum:  well, we just make a 10 foot diameter, hollow stone ball
Eric Rosenbaum: that she's inside of.
Eric Rosenbaum: because she doesn't need to be able to see out. There'll be plenty of air to breathe for the duration of this, and we can. We can roll her from one place to another and cast multiple forbearances.
Eric Rosenbaum: just just wait. We're
Mike Sackton: glad. What? Oh, it's touch, right?
Timothy Sackton: It's touch. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I'm sure we can find a way to break the system here like
Mike Sackton: can. How tall is.
Mike Sackton: wait! It's forbidden right? It it was a target all done.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if we should try and find like the system. Let's see
Mike Sackton: it protects up to 40,000 square feet of force. Place to height, of up to 30 feet above the floor.
Mike Sackton: Style.
Mike Sackton: Right? So you have to touch
Mike Sackton: that would like if we have a 30 foot long.
Mike Sackton: blatter or something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We had a structure that you can remember with
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this goes back to the like absolutely brilliant idea of. We need, like a portal noodle like a One of these, what is that? Like a gang plank at the bottom of the floating of the flying ship. Right
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you! You just land the ship in the middle of the army. and this, like the ship, is the
Mike Sackton: but it can't be, it can't. Well, hold on. Can you cast it on a.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what would happen if we tried to do that? We just like descend vertically down from a very high point straight into the center of the army. We just to figure out where Groot is in the army. We could figure that out.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we really just need to find a way to cast forbidden inside his camp.
Mike Sackton: and every skeleton will take 5 to 10 damage at that's going to be very effective at illuminating. I mean, they can all start to run away, to run out of the there
Mike Sackton: 40,000
Eric Rosenbaum: warm up the sides of the stone ship. That would be exciting, too.
Mike Sackton: Range right?
Mike Sackton: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: I mean, it feels like there's an opportunity here to like garage, kill his Orcage army. and then somehow turn his skeletons into the dust, and we've eliminated his army
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right. But you know what I don't. I don't know. This solves it permanently, but like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we could also do the strafing run idea. I mean, we could get
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 200 Orcs load up that ship with yeah biggest folders they can carry
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and just squish them. But does that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can we then turn them to dust after overizing them like, how? How would that part work
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like what we keep coming from just raising.
Mike Sackton: We don't know nothing
Mike Sackton: we don't know anything about. We don't know what
happens right? I mean.
Mike Sackton: we would. In the ideal world we would find a way to actually isolate garage from his army, and then just kill him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anything else you could drop an undead that hurts them more than just a boulder like we have, like a cold water. spray, cannon, or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sort of thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're undead vulnerable to
Mike Sackton: means skeletons classically are vulnerable to like
Eric Rosenbaum: dropping rocks, is pretty effective on the skeleton. But are these?
Mike Sackton: These are skeletal, right? As far as we know, they're not zombies, are they?
Timothy Sackton: the Orcs that rose from the graves were zombies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, okay.
Timothy Sackton: But there's definitely from scrying. You know, there's definitely some skeletons in this army.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How about rocks followed by fire like we do. A run of it's pushing him in her. Then run a
Eric Rosenbaum: what is radiant damage
Kate Sackton: oops! That was an accident.
Mike Sackton: Radiant damage is just. It's a damn it! Wide as our zombies, vulnerable to radiant damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, there, there's a specific thing where
Mike Sackton: undid fortitude. If they reach 0 hit points they must make a constitution saving through. Are you reading the Monster Manual? My tree at zombies? Yeah, unless it is radiant. That that's kind of cheating, right.
Timothy Sackton: I'm I'm scared. I know all this stuff seekers researching. Meanwhile Lubash is sitting here kind of looking at you a bit strangely as you start to discuss spells.
Timothy Sackton: and he says.
Timothy Sackton: I appreciate your enthusiasm.
Timothy Sackton: I am
Timothy Sackton: I. I do believe, that
Timothy Sackton: we need some way to deal with this army.
Timothy Sackton: I was contemplating flight. They did not quite see
Timothy Sackton: what other option there might be.
Timothy Sackton: Many of our people have already begun to flee east into the mountains, where we have
Timothy Sackton: caves hidden
Kate Sackton: the people who usually live outside of the city walls.
Kate Sackton: Would they be best served to take refuge in the city if it were a protected area? Or are the caves a better place for you and your people to shelter
Kate Sackton: than the city itself?
Timothy Sackton: It looks over at Maroon, looks back at you.
Timothy Sackton:  Those.
Timothy Sackton: like Maru, who were
Timothy Sackton: read from their bondage in adulthood. would be best served sheltering with the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: and it would be best if we can keep the cloak in this kingdom.
Timothy Sackton: and the caves are outside the kingdom. Caves are outside the kingdom. Those who are born in freedom
Timothy Sackton: have more options to flee and hide
Timothy Sackton: bark may be able to search for them, but he cannot know their location instantly as he can. Someone like Maru
Timothy Sackton: who passes out of my protection.
Kate Sackton: Would you prefer to keep all your people together or separate them for strategic reasons? Would you?
Kate Sackton: Would they would everyone fit here in the in the city walls
Kate Sackton: or with it strain resources. And it's why is your choice to let those who can play farther flee farther.
Kate Sackton: maintain
Kate Sackton: resources sufficient for it was already to the East
Timothy Sackton: would be closer. and, save for a fleeing East. messages have already gone out. and many of our small
Timothy Sackton: farming communities have begun driving their herds across
Timothy Sackton:  across the drog our river
Timothy Sackton: into the hills, where they will be hard to
Timothy Sackton: track and find
Kate Sackton: if the city can draw the attention of the army.
Kate Sackton: and people hidden in the caves can remain undetected.
Kate Sackton: If I help fortify this place.
Kate Sackton: then the 2 locations
Kate Sackton: would be safe in different ways.
Eric Rosenbaum: a less spectacular approach than a surgical surgical strike on garage, but perhaps a more. Sensible one!
Mike Sackton: Would that
that
Mike Sackton: quite seems
Mike Sackton: like an all or nothing. Proposition
Mike Sackton: right? It seems
Mike Sackton: to fit. We have an opportunity. If we can strike quickly while Grash is still building
Mike Sackton: the army, does it really make sense to hide
Mike Sackton: in this city, and I mean you can't. Forbearance isn't going to cover a whole city. It can only cover the palace.
Mike Sackton: but not like
Mike Sackton: right. You can't cover like a square mile of a city.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you pretty much can
Kate Sackton: if I go around, and I guess it. It only takes 20 min to cast it right? So if I just spend all day, I actually did the calculation. You can cover 1.5 million square feet, which is about 35 acres.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Mike Sackton: which is about the size of a small medieval city.
Timothy Sackton:  and you can leave a few. You can leave a few gaps if you can't cover anything. But how will they ever know where the safe places to land are?
Timothy Sackton: And even if they have flying on dead, what good does it do him to fly and land in a you know, of 200 foot circle in the middle of the city.
The
Timothy Sackton: Lubash turns and says.
Timothy Sackton: if you could protect the city
Timothy Sackton: the way you protected
Timothy Sackton: palace.
Timothy Sackton: That would be
Timothy Sackton: quite a feed.
The
Timothy Sackton: you not know what crash's ultimate plans are, but besides trying to acquire this cloak. would he turn in? Give up?
Timothy Sackton: We have other resources to call upon.
Timothy Sackton: My people are scattered into the mountains, and otherwise hiding in the city protected by the dwarven gods.
Timothy Sackton: What will grash do would not be trapped here without knowing something of his goals and plans.
Mike Sackton: I think.
Mike Sackton: Would we not want to draw him in. Is that a trap.
Kate Sackton: Lubbush? Are you suggesting that we question the prisoners to see if they know any more of the render scheme, who has a more senior of them to die in the
Kate Sackton: at all.
Timothy Sackton: That is, that was not on my mind. But that is a wise idea.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps it is worth speaking to them
Timothy Sackton: before making our final plans.
The
Timothy Sackton: I would ask only to listen. I trust you to get
for
Timothy Sackton: what information can out of them.
Okay.
the
Mike Sackton: you're gonna have to remind us who they all are.
Timothy Sackton: Yup.
Timothy Sackton: So in the mirror we have
Timothy Sackton: Cassian wizard of Chardon. Bethie of Cadmus. angry
Timothy Sackton: Antonia, armored
to
Timothy Sackton: companion of Cadmus and Cassian, but never, certainly in all your scrying, never seemed nearly as
Timothy Sackton: Padmos and Cassene were always off together, plotting, and Antonio was sort of to the side a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: Vola
Timothy Sackton: seemingly magically or otherwise convinced to join with
Timothy Sackton: Cadmus Hector, known to you to be magically brainwashed.
Timothy Sackton:  Who else is in the mirror?
the
Mike Sackton:  with somebody with a vargas
Timothy Sackton: the like. One of the 2 twin brothers.
Timothy Sackton: scruffy black hair, heavy armor, sword, and shield. also
Timothy Sackton: seemingly magically brainwashed.
Timothy Sackton: and Valias, the other of the twin brothers, dented breastplate, and armed with a long bow, who willingly surrendered.
Timothy Sackton: asking only that whether his brother was alive
Timothy Sackton: last 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 people in the mirror, and none of their armor or weapons were magical. except he, Hector's none of the the
Timothy Sackton:  Yeah. well, Antonia's armor is magical, for sure.
Mike Sackton: I mean, Antonio was like shooting lightning blasts out of.
Mike Sackton: I think we start with the last Guy
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Harrison.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and then potentially try Antonia. And I'm sort of curious like with Bola, whether the magical brainwashing is still in effect. now that they're on another plane like, is it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is that a dependency? Probably not. It's.
Mike Sackton: And I mean, we haven't tried much to break the magical brainwashing, have we?
Mike Sackton: Nope? I mean, we could at least try greater restoration. It might not work, but it can't hurt right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, oh, wait!
Mike Sackton: We never tried to fix Speaker, but that I'll have to wait
Eric Rosenbaum: to works. Make ice cream.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think desert works make ice cream.
Mike Sackton: They'd be exactly the ones who want it. That's what I'm saying. But is there some sort of drink? They they had some sort of drink right with breakfast.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, they had like iced mint tea.
Mike Sackton: Okay? Well.
Mike Sackton: oh, well, Seeker is asking about ice cream that will reach out. Oh, no, I can't cast any spells
Timothy Sackton: can't guess any spells at the moment. Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: why? Because the cloak is active.
Timothy Sackton: So
Eric Rosenbaum: you take out the mirror. And who are you summoning
Mike Sackton: the malias values. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So as you speak his name and and cell number. you see  appearing in the surface of the mirror.
Timothy Sackton:  this confused looking man.
Timothy Sackton: probably in his thirtys.
Timothy Sackton: scruffy well traveled, wearing just now the
Timothy Sackton:  the like, undershed and underclosed, that were beneath his breastplate in the battle.
Timothy Sackton: has looking a little bit dazed.
Timothy Sackton: looks out at you
Timothy Sackton: kind of blinks his eyes.
Timothy Sackton: Where am I as
Timothy Sackton: is Vargas? Okay.
Mike Sackton: he's alive.
Timothy Sackton: What happened?
Timothy Sackton: Remember her
this
Mike Sackton: cat most lost.
Timothy Sackton: I the sun is shining, and I'm somewhere different.
Timothy Sackton: It was it not? It's
Timothy Sackton: blink for them
Mike Sackton: right now. You're imprisoned in a safe place.
Mike Sackton: Your brother is in a similar place. Wait, there's a thing that lets them speak to each other right? Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Can I see it?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'll do the thing where they can see each other.
Timothy Sackton: you see, like his whole face
Timothy Sackton: relax. is he?
Timothy Sackton: He still cursed?
Mike Sackton: Yes, for a moment.
Mike Sackton: though, and we are hoping you could tell us more about your story. We are
Mike Sackton: committed to
Mike Sackton: reading all those Fausto and others have
Mike Sackton: armed. If we can. We'd certainly like to see this curse broken on your brother. But we need to know more.
Mike Sackton: What can you tell us?
Timothy Sackton: Make a persuasion? Check?
Mike Sackton: 29.
Timothy Sackton: Nice he he looks, and he he sort of glances. So he is looking at you, but he can also sort of glance over to the side and see his brother, and in this other cell, who's just kind of sitting staring blankly.
Timothy Sackton: He sort of takes a minute to gather his thoughts. What's it you?
Timothy Sackton: I'm sorry it came to this
Timothy Sackton: he looks back at Lubesh, and he looks to him, and he says.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: sorry if we
Timothy Sackton: hurt you before. I I had no idea.
Timothy Sackton: with no idea. There are works like you.
Timothy Sackton: It all started
Timothy Sackton: 7 years ago. Now.
Timothy Sackton: brother and I,
Timothy Sackton: we're in the legions together.
Timothy Sackton: But the regimented army life was not for us.
Timothy Sackton: so we set off on our own to
Timothy Sackton: make a little money.
Timothy Sackton: find what treasure we could.
Timothy Sackton: you know, as one does.
Timothy Sackton: traveled around sailing up river from Chart in a bit. There's some
Timothy Sackton: mountains up up north.
Timothy Sackton: the border of the Empire, with the
Timothy Sackton: where the Mawar Peninsula start sweet.
Timothy Sackton: poked around the east side of those mountains for a time. There's
Timothy Sackton: rumors of a lost dragon award up there out ancient ice. Worm was killed some
Timothy Sackton: 100 years ago, and supposedly his horde was never found
Timothy Sackton: but it
Timothy Sackton: that would be a way to strike it rich.
Timothy Sackton: But it's hard.
Timothy Sackton: Had some scrapes.
Timothy Sackton: never found that
Timothy Sackton: upon a gold at the end of the rainbow ever found our
Timothy Sackton: score, that we could retire on, and
Timothy Sackton: after a few years
Timothy Sackton: spent more frittering our coin away, and
Timothy Sackton: hubs and alehouses across the Empire, then, truly venturing.
Timothy Sackton: find ourselves broke and
Timothy Sackton: kind of out of options back in Chardon, when we heard the society of the open scroll was recruiting explorers and adventurers for
Timothy Sackton: great deeds across the land
Timothy Sackton: think like easy money.
Timothy Sackton: and for a while it was
Timothy Sackton: we at
Timothy Sackton: traveled west
Timothy Sackton: across the canal to the Peninsula and explored some ancient temple from
Timothy Sackton: forgotten age. From
Timothy Sackton: few interesting things there. couple of scrolls and a wand that we brought back, and we were well paid, and things seem to be going well
Timothy Sackton: after a few more successes. and this man Fausto sought us out. The rumor was, he paid more than anybody else.
Timothy Sackton: and it was around this time that
Timothy Sackton: well, our parents in was not doing well and
Timothy Sackton: closed, and the money seems pretty important.
Timothy Sackton: so we talked to them.
Timothy Sackton: Send us off to the
Timothy Sackton: the islands
Timothy Sackton: far to the south, south even of
Timothy Sackton: the Gloria.
Timothy Sackton: little tropical islands
Timothy Sackton: seeking some lost treasures that have from people who had fled from the Great War
Timothy Sackton: came back empty-handed, and
Timothy Sackton: every mission he asked a little more. He pushed us a little more to.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Bend the rules. take shortcuts.
Timothy Sackton: steel
Timothy Sackton: it was always bring something back, or else
Timothy Sackton: honestly.
Timothy Sackton: I we should have stopped then while we could.
Timothy Sackton: I was still entranced by the money.
Timothy Sackton: but finally my brother said No.
Timothy Sackton: and fast. I asked to meet with him, to convince him.
Timothy Sackton: give him
Timothy Sackton: final sales pitch before he paid out the money we had earned, and let him go his way.
Timothy Sackton: and he was charming, and you could say no. He had been good to us.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't see my brother for 2 days.
Timothy Sackton: Festa sent me a message that we needed to speak.
The
Timothy Sackton: and I met him in his tower and hall. sitting on a
Timothy Sackton: raised chair above the room. My brother was standing there silent.
Timothy Sackton: First. It was wearing this crown.
Timothy Sackton: looked old.
Timothy Sackton: had points of gems, and there was
Timothy Sackton: what seemed like a cold black shadow clinging to it.
Mike Sackton: Did we? Is that something we saw in?
Mike Sackton: Didn't we see some vision or scryed, or I feel like this. I've we've seen that heard of this crown before. Am I making that up?
Timothy Sackton: Nope!
Timothy Sackton: It is
Eric Rosenbaum: the crown of purity.
Timothy Sackton: It is the
Timothy Sackton: shadow hunters mask, vision.
change.
Timothy Sackton: There's the link.
Mike Sackton: right in the mirror.
Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: It is definitely
Timothy Sackton: It is definitely the description of the same. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: the same
Timothy Sackton: item that you saw in that your vision that Fasto somehow used to create the shadow hunters
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: The crown is the source of
Eric Rosenbaum: the power. See anybody.
Timothy Sackton: Fasto said to me.
Timothy Sackton: you will do as you're told.
Timothy Sackton: or I will make your brother kill himself.
Timothy Sackton: And he looked at me, and he held up his finger, and he whispered something
Timothy Sackton: when I saw my brother draw his sword and hold it up to his own neck, and begin to lean forward.
Timothy Sackton: And at that point
Timothy Sackton: what else could I do?
Timothy Sackton: I said, yes.
Timothy Sackton: sent us on a few more missions, mostly exploring south and west of Jordan.
Timothy Sackton: usually traveling with
Timothy Sackton: Davelina, that nasty woman.
Timothy Sackton: lightning sorcerer. She was one of his accolades or
Mike Sackton: means, or some. We killed her right by accident.
Timothy Sackton: not exactly by accident. I mean, you were trying to kill her.
Mike Sackton: Nobody stopped her from bleeding out when she was unconscious. But wasn't she a so in chief get hit by the sleep spell or something, and
Mike Sackton: I thought she was accidentally killed by some area fact that we just didn't bother saving her.
Mike Sackton: We didn't like to let her throat.
Timothy Sackton: You didn't slitter a throw just
Timothy Sackton: she was in. She was like she was just failing. Death saves, and eventually
Timothy Sackton:  about
Timothy Sackton: must have been a year ago. Now
Timothy Sackton: they were told that
Timothy Sackton: there was important relics of drank or lost in the desert, and we must go search for them
Timothy Sackton: scepter a cloak.
Timothy Sackton: and we were sent out to explore.
Mike Sackton: Was that it? Just a sceptre and a cloak
Timothy Sackton: S. Through in a cloak?
Timothy Sackton: We traveled quite a bit through the desert
Timothy Sackton: had most. was the ringleader of the search for these artifacts.
Timothy Sackton: and he would
Timothy Sackton: watch us his magic mirror.
Timothy Sackton: and speak with Evelina and communicate with her, and direct her where she would go.
Timothy Sackton: We eventually picked up rumors that this cloak was in was being held
Timothy Sackton: far in the world, had been lost at 1 point far in the desert to the east
Timothy Sackton: during the time of the Great War, and decided to go explore. It was then that we stumbled upon the Orcs.
Timothy Sackton: Catmos was the one who hatched the plan to send us in his scholars.
Timothy Sackton: and instructed Evelina
Timothy Sackton: 2 coach us in our disguises.
Timothy Sackton: and she would report back to him
Timothy Sackton: all that she learned of the Orcs and of the cloak and its purpose here.
Timothy Sackton: and I assume it is he who directed garage in this direction.
Timothy Sackton: So it was my fault should have left
Timothy Sackton: what Gosh wants with this cloak and sceptre. nobody would tell me
Timothy Sackton: wasn't even clear. If garage was
Timothy Sackton: working for Fausto
Timothy Sackton: coerced by him.
Mike Sackton: they also shake his head.
Timothy Sackton: was never comfortable with the alliances. We were forced to make
no
Timothy Sackton: spending time with Evelina.
Timothy Sackton: It was hard not to be at the end of her
Timothy Sackton: granting about
Timothy Sackton: the restoration of drink Korean empire
Timothy Sackton: of the Karin's supremacy that should rule over the land the pure humans, before they were corrupted.
You!
Timothy Sackton: What! How? This has to do with fast now nobody ever told me.
Mike Sackton: What do you know of garage where you you were in his camp for some time? Were you not
Timothy Sackton: weak to it? Most
Timothy Sackton: had most kept
Timothy Sackton: me and Vargas and the other
Timothy Sackton: cleanse. They call them the ones where the brown has corrupted their minds. Hector and Roller sapphire.
Timothy Sackton: Him and Evelina and Cassian were constantly plotting, and
Timothy Sackton: it won't quite see no what to know to know what to do with Antonia.
you.
Timothy Sackton: but I never saw a garage myself.
Timothy Sackton: and was
Timothy Sackton: mostly kept under watch by a dozen skeletons or so. Creepy creatures clattered in.
Timothy Sackton: clicked everywhere they walked.
Timothy Sackton: All I know is that the scepter and the cloak he badly wanted the scepter in the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: It's been beaten to us for over a year. We need the scepter, and we need the cloak.
Mike Sackton: Sorry I I missed all that I my
Mike Sackton: my headset, is like barely working.
Timothy Sackton: Just saying he was under guard and cautious camp, and didn't really much other than Cadmos, and everybody just constantly saying, We need the scepter, and we need the cloak.
Mike Sackton: I want to ask him what he knows about the other people
Mike Sackton: like, not his brother, but
Mike Sackton: Antonia and Antonio Antonia in particular.
Mike Sackton: like anything he knows about her. Anything that would
Mike Sackton: like. I'll quiz him for a little while about it. Anything that would
Mike Sackton: help us get through to her, so that she would tell us what she knows. I mean. I won't put it necessarily as bluntly like that to him, but that's the kind of like what motivates her. What would motivate her to?
Mike Sackton: I don't know if he knows her well.
Timothy Sackton: not. I never traveled with an telling you much.
Timothy Sackton: and she seems to not want anything to do
is
Timothy Sackton: the undead or the Orcs. She did not enjoy being in Gosh's camp at all.
Timothy Sackton: She didn't enjoy being your Orcs. You didn't enjoy being here.
that she kept to herself a lot.
Timothy Sackton: She did not like to speak with the
Timothy Sackton: cleansed. I would try and keep my brother accompanied. Try, and
Timothy Sackton: you know where mine can have some of the
Timothy Sackton: better ail houses in the north of Chardon, of the north of the Tardonian Empire when I could, and
Timothy Sackton: sometimes he'd laugh. But I don't now is he actually remembered, or just saw, that it made me smile.
Timothy Sackton: They don't know what's left.
Timothy Sackton: what's hidden.
Timothy Sackton: His personality is totally different.
Timothy Sackton: Antonia did not like being around those people.
Mike Sackton: Did your brother
Mike Sackton: the he's still
Mike Sackton: remember. Did he know who you were. or was?
Mike Sackton: Is he just gone?
Timothy Sackton: You would speak sometimes.
Timothy Sackton: seem, perhaps, when
Timothy Sackton: is not being directly commanded.
Timothy Sackton: described his past life as kind of a mist
Timothy Sackton: clearly see through. You know who I was
Timothy Sackton: remembered people.
Timothy Sackton: but not details.
Timothy Sackton: Fault, Lake.
Timothy Sackton: he once said.
Timothy Sackton: the moment of clarity that it felt like
Timothy Sackton: his past life was hidden behind a curtain of fog. It could just blow it away and see it again.
Timothy Sackton: The fog will
Timothy Sackton: close in every time he tried to push past it.
Timothy Sackton: surround limited dark mist.
Timothy Sackton: nightmares, and dower.
Mike Sackton: What of Cassian?
Mike Sackton: You know him at all.
Timothy Sackton: Only by reputation.
Timothy Sackton: He was arrogant.
Timothy Sackton: and not one that you wanted to cross. He had a temper, and he like to play with fire.
Timothy Sackton: but he was rich. powerful.
Timothy Sackton: and rich. Powerful assholes can get away with a lot.
Mike Sackton: you see.
Mike Sackton: Did he strike you as a true believer.
Mike Sackton: or was he
Mike Sackton: there to? Was he part of the crew because it made him powerful and important.
Mike Sackton: and allowed him to
Mike Sackton: indulge his temper and his sadism. You know
Timothy Sackton: Asian was a true believer
Timothy Sackton: in his power.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know
Timothy Sackton: when he wished to happen. Beyond that he certainly saw himself as
Timothy Sackton: the reincarnation of the great
Timothy Sackton: wizards of an older age.
Mike Sackton: Can we merge to? We? Can. Can we let something go between cells, or can we only show?
Timothy Sackton:  I am not a that's a good question.
Mike Sackton: really useful. If we could wet things go between.
Eric Rosenbaum: What did what did you have in mind?
Mike Sackton: Possibly
Eric Rosenbaum: the river.
Mike Sackton: seeing you get Cassian to tell us some facts by threatening and with poison trolling with.
Timothy Sackton: or ancient ob goblins. yes, when you speak the combination.
Timothy Sackton: when you speak the the the word of power with 2 cell numbers.
Timothy Sackton: it allows you to open a portal between the 2 cells indicated by the number. You currently do not know a way to close this portal.
get it.
Timothy Sackton: So once you open. So now you've actually opening this has merged values in Vargas's cell together. Oh, wait! I thought we all still had the ability to just let 2 cells talk to each other. No, it's just a portal.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's just a portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we actually our number of.
Timothy Sackton: So it produces the number of cells by one until you learn how to unmerge them.
Mike Sackton: Got it? Anything else we want to ask this guy.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it would be a good to like.
Mike Sackton: I don't want to role play it out because it'll take too long. But, like, just pick his brain a little bit about the camp, how many? He's a soldier right like.
Mike Sackton: How many works are there like? What's the way out? What do they do at night? I mean, I know he was like capped away, but, like presumably he
Timothy Sackton: has some. I mean, you don't have to tell us all right now, but I just want to put it on the record. Pick his brain. I mean he can give you. You can get
Timothy Sackton: some. Murok is also taking notes here. Right? You get a a decent idea of the size and scope of the Permian when it comes up later, all you can make. Yeah, yeah. I also want to ask him, where
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): where's the rest of the party's gear.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where's their food? Yeah. Was it in there
Timothy Sackton: inside the but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): oh, it's a boat of holding
Eric Rosenbaum: that's actually amazing. The it has a cargo hole that also folds up when the
Mike Sackton: out let's move half our gold into the boat. Amazing, all right now, but like
Eric Rosenbaum: it could make our whole a little less stressful to jump into, we should make sure we understand the weight capacity of the, but not a high weight capacity. It's like a few 100 patents.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we can't put necessarily. All
Mike Sackton: yeah. But we could put white
Mike Sackton: some stuff we can. We can reorganize a little. Maybe we'll put all the like food. No, it's a kind of pain to get to. We. We can think about it right, but not really. The bulky light objects in the boat. Wow! But like we could put all of Delaware.
Mike Sackton: I think, supports and stuff like like. Then it's a pain like didn't care, because you have to unfold the damn boat right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could get the little boat to. We unloaded that all into the castle.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could put the stone castle into the
Mike Sackton: okay.
Mike Sackton:  anything
Mike Sackton: out.
Mike Sackton: I mean. My thinking was, we talked to Antonio next. and she clearly seems
but
Kate Sackton: it just when we unfolded the boat, was there like additional treasure.
Kate Sackton: Particularly it didn't seem like they stored their valuables there. It was just like
Timothy Sackton: some tents, and and they they didn't actually have much in the way of food.
Mike Sackton: right? But presumably they traveled from an army camp relatively quickly, right? Like right?
Mike Sackton: And I mean, like we, we could travel with no food because we can create it right? So who knows what? And they have the tapioca balls
Mike Sackton: which we don't know what they do yet. But maybe let's ask this guy if he knows what any of this stuff? Oh, yeah, sure. Why not? Good idea.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so the tap yoga balls are beads of nourishment. You eat one, and it's enough food for a day.
Timothy Sackton: he knows those because he was fed. They used to have 30, but they've gone through some of them over the during the travel. They didn't bring any food or water with them. It's food and water for a day
Timothy Sackton: each. Tap. Yoga ball.
Timothy Sackton:  He said.
Timothy Sackton: He didn't know much about the pat most was very secretive. He doesn't really know
Timothy Sackton:  what that was. I understand.  What else
was there? That's magic. Let me see.
Mike Sackton: I'll ask him why they have so few magic items.
Timothy Sackton: They don't really have that few magic items.
Kate Sackton: So money what the society of the open scroll they have to turn in a lot of the stuff they find right? So
Timothy Sackton: Vargas and Valley is mostly had to mostly
Timothy Sackton: traded their whatever magic they found for
Mike Sackton: for gold, right?
Mike Sackton: But it was taken away from him when he was cleansed. What is this guy?
Mike Sackton: He's like
Mike Sackton: Fifth Level is, yeah, they're not like, okay.
Timothy Sackton:  he
Timothy Sackton:  yeah. he just never. He at 1 point had some magic errors, but he had used them all.  He said. Hector's boots made him go really fast, and he had a magic halberd
Timothy Sackton:  but otherwise he didn't really know. Oh! And he said that there was some discussion about well, how do we get? You know what? If they've borrowed the doors or something? And you said Antonia had a
Timothy Sackton: a chime that could open any door.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and so
Mike Sackton: that's useful.
Mike Sackton: A chime that can open any door, and boots of speed are
Mike Sackton: fairly useful. If he actually has boots of speed.
Mike Sackton: Double your speed, for
Mike Sackton: Kenzo could have to go really fast with the boots, but it requires a 2 min. Kenza is already full up on a tune. Then we're all full up who isn't, for
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm only attuned to one thing.
Mike Sackton: are you away? It's into one thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He doesn't have that much matches. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I guess that's true. Your bow doesn't require a tunement, though it doesn't require a tunement, and it's just the arm.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Lobby just doesn't have a lot of magic items compared to the rest of you.
Mike Sackton: You might give him the Princess being
Mike Sackton: in wine for some boots of speed. I mean, I have a ring of this. There's delic
Mike Sackton: good trade, that right
Mike Sackton: depending on how good it is, although boots of speed is not, I think something deal with really needs necessarily.
Mike Sackton:  okay, should we talk to Antonio?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So as you.
Mike Sackton: So I'm going to tell him what, hey? You have your brother right?
Mike Sackton: and we'll talk again, like I mean, I'll explain to him that he's trapped in a magic mirror, and he's gonna stay trapped with his brother for a while. He won't need to eat or won't get thirsty or hungry, and we'll keep him updated on the progress of
Mike Sackton: figuring out how to unconscious this guy. And you know, watch after your brother. and we'll let you know how it goes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I mean, he's pretty actually relaxed after talking to you, but especially since the first thing you did was basically
Timothy Sackton: open a portal to make sure that he could make check on his brother, and
Timothy Sackton: once he learned that Cadmus and Evelina are but dead, they were the ones who really didn't like. So
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this is his best situation in like 2 years. Yeah, exactly.
Mike Sackton: So. He's pretty, you know. He you didn't need to roll very high on persuasion to get him to talk. I wasted my natural 20. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton:  So Antonio surfaces in the mirror and she's I mean she was pretty. She was reasonably beat up in the fight.
Timothy Sackton: Her armor is still
Timothy Sackton: you know, looking pristine and and clean, and
Timothy Sackton: she kind of slowly begins to look at you. and she says.
Timothy Sackton: kind of looks up, and she says.
Timothy Sackton: where am I?
Timothy Sackton: What do you intend to do with me?
Mike Sackton: Depends on you.
Timothy Sackton: Where am I?
Mike Sackton: You're trapped
Mike Sackton: in a magical prison
Mike Sackton: along with Cassian
Mike Sackton: old name. I forget. They're all of their names. The others, Evelyn and Godmos, are dead.
Mike Sackton: Your attack was unsuccessful.
Timothy Sackton: She looks around. She says she sees
Timothy Sackton: what do you want from me?
Timothy Sackton: Do they need to be here?
Timothy Sackton: She looks back at Lubash and Morocc in the distance?
Mike Sackton:  They do not all sort of motion for them to just take a few steps to the side so that they're not visible. He switches to Tardonian
Timothy Sackton: from common.
Mike Sackton: I don't actually speak chair there again.
Mike Sackton: I don't speak to an uncivil at well, okay, so I'll have tongues. I will cast. Oh, I can't. You can get Ruby
Eric Rosenbaum: the on those here, though. Right
Timothy Sackton: Kansas, a couple of minutes.
Mike Sackton: can lubesh like.
Timothy Sackton: What if you like? Tell him he can turn it off. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I will cast tongues.
Timothy Sackton: she says in in Chardonian, I'm sure those uncivilized brutes don't speak this language probably can't even think past common.
Mike Sackton: I'll say something non-committal
Eric Rosenbaum: in Tardonian.
Timothy Sackton: So what do you want from me?
Timothy Sackton: And I get out of this trap? I would satisfy you
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: what do you know about garage in his army?
Mike Sackton: Information is what would satisfy us.
Kate Sackton: and a certainty that you wouldn't go join Rush. But then you
Kate Sackton: I can't. So, because I can't understand this conversation, and some
Mike Sackton: actually. So when I speak
Mike Sackton: you can understand what I'm saying.
Mike Sackton: Tongs doesn't grant you the you. You don't speak in a particular language. Just anybody who can hear you can understand you.
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Mike Sackton: I can understand any language that anybody speaks while tongues is an active. and anybody who here's me can understand what I'm saying.
Eric Rosenbaum: so everybody can on your. So everybody else Jones was dealt with is saying
Mike Sackton: just to do a lot of active listening where you you might. I will do some of that right. I will paraphrase what she said something, but sorry. What did she? Just
Mike Sackton: And and
Mike Sackton: information, and some suitable assurances that
Mike Sackton: You'll head west and not simply show up on our doorstep, causing trouble again
shortly.
Timothy Sackton: I have no interest in garage. Yes. disgusting.
Timothy Sackton: I agree. Why were you working with him.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes one must work with necessary evils to achieve greater goals.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Mr. Go.
Timothy Sackton: my goal now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the greater goal that you speak of. Yes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: what assurances do I have that? If I speak with you. you will, in fact.
Timothy Sackton: do something for me. Let me go. Free me from this prison.
Mike Sackton: not
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the fact that we didn't kill you already.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: you could be dead.
Timothy Sackton: But I'm not so. You must want something from me
Mike Sackton: in my experience.
Mike Sackton: Murdering somebody failing to murder somebody is not universally because you need something from them.
Timothy Sackton: It is possible you are also uncivilized brutes. That is true.
Mike Sackton: for not murdering you, or uncivilized brutes
Timothy Sackton: for murdering people, for no reason
Mike Sackton: we all of your companions Save Codmos and Evelyn are still alive.
Mike Sackton: We are not uncivilized. but I think you need more from us than we need from you.
Mike Sackton: I can't promise you anything. It depends on what you tell us, and whether it's helpful. and depends on whether you can convince us that it is safe to let you go free. We are happy to leave you in this mirror for the rest of your days.
Mike Sackton: It is your job to convince us to let you go, not our job to convince you that we are trustworthy.
Mike Sackton: but I'm happy to leave you to your thoughts. If you would prefer. we can talk again in 5 years this mirror.
Timothy Sackton: a day. maybe more, has passed for you. No time has passed for me.
Timothy Sackton: I would enjoy seeing the world a hundred years in the future
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): alternately. We could bring you out and kill you.
Mike Sackton: Your goals would not be harmed by that long distance passing of time.
Mike Sackton: You must have a goal. You've been working with so many unsavory characters.
Mike Sackton: such a long visioned goal that a hundred years would not. How's it to suffer?
Timothy Sackton: I am
Timothy Sackton: dubious of the choices.
Timothy Sackton: Cameras and faster have made
Timothy Sackton: that, I believe.
Timothy Sackton: drank, or is meant to be restored to its former glory.
Timothy Sackton: will happen in due time.
Timothy Sackton: Past
Timothy Sackton: 2 months
Timothy Sackton: convinced me there is some
Timothy Sackton: desperation in their actions that need not be there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One else ally with
Timothy Sackton: creature like grass, who was bound to betray them?
Timothy Sackton: My ally with
Timothy Sackton: works?
Timothy Sackton: Why is crying Destin to betray them?
Mike Sackton: Why do you say garage is bound to betray them?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's the
Timothy Sackton: you trust an undead creature.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, who fest is working for. No. But yeah. I was about to go that direction. But do you know who foul still is working for?
Timothy Sackton: I I was believes he can with
Timothy Sackton: that is a very useful piece of information for you to know, and I would like some
Timothy Sackton: agreement that should I speak in this vein.
Mike Sackton: I I know who first I was working for I'm asking if you know
Mike Sackton: I know who fast it was working for, and it does not disgust you
Timothy Sackton: fast. It was working for the ideal of drink, or
Timothy Sackton: I was that disgusting?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It is not his that it was work work for
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): unless she's just circulating.
Timothy Sackton: why should I believe you're telling the truth?
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps you seek to drive a wedge between me and my
Timothy Sackton: companions
Mike Sackton: with their evil, so I will turn on them.
Mike Sackton: and she does live in a world of flies in power place, I mean, that's actually not a crazy power play, either, right? Like I mean, that's a good idea. We should convince her companions or evil, so she would turn on them. We have have this conversation telepathically among us for a second. Yes, yes, yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): what we have that can convince her. I mean, if this is a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like Drancorean human supremacist
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like, what's to say that she's not a true believer, that a polyun is the ideal of drank or
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and returning that that I mean she she probably is a true believer. That explain why she
Mike Sackton: but I doubt she's on board with the whole creepy, undead thing
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): by, maybe she's a polyons plan. B, I mean, maybe.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But also, I mean.
Mike Sackton: I think the answer is, well, what evidence? How I mean?
Mike Sackton: Yes, we can't prove we're not lying. But what would you? But what proof would you accept?
Mike Sackton: And we demonstrate some way in which fest is working against, drank or against. But he's not working against, drank, or d straight like. I mean.
Mike Sackton: what does it mean to be working for or against? Drank, or right like he's clearly involved in creepy, dark magic
Mike Sackton: mean the whole cleanse thing, if nothing else. She has straightforward evidence of this right.
Mike Sackton: But if she believes that it's some chart in greater drink or revival of the human purity. Sort of drink. Orion supremacist thing right.
Mike Sackton: although she hasn't flinched it talking to an elf. But maybe that's just because Tim forgot.
Mike Sackton: and she was supposed to
Mike Sackton:  Or maybe elves are not as bad as Orcs. Right? Yeah. Owls were a big part of
Mike Sackton: Frank, or that's true.
Mike Sackton:  but I mean. I don't think I mean, who knows? Her reaction to finding out that actually
Mike Sackton: the whole plan is driven by a
Mike Sackton: undead which is either to just not believe us.
Mike Sackton: or turn on Napoleon, or to actually not care. It's hard to tell which it would be. I don't really want to tell her the truth, either.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I'll I'll say. For my part, I'm
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): have fewer and fewer compunctions about executing this person as the conversation goes on.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, that's the other side is.
Mike Sackton: yeah. Okay. So here's the direction. Okay, I will. I will like pause for a minute, I mean clearly I paused, and I was thinking.
Mike Sackton:  We'll come back to her and say,
Mike Sackton: There's no roof I can offer you that. We're telling the truth
Mike Sackton: other than
Mike Sackton: your continued survival. And what proof would you accept?
Mike Sackton: Trust has to start somewhere?
Timothy Sackton: Tell me how you know this fact.
Mike Sackton: that well, wait. What did you actually tell her? I didn't tell her anything I just said, that's not who fast still is working.
Timothy Sackton: Tell me how you know who fresco is working
Mike Sackton: remind me how we know who festo is working for.
Mike Sackton: You. Ask the gods, and they, you ask, the gods is faster working for a poly on. Yeah. But how do we know about a Polyan?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, lots of ways like Kenzo streams, the the rye vision, the whole his.
Mike Sackton: We've seen it play on a mirror
Mike Sackton: which we are not going to mention. No correct
Mike Sackton: We had many suspicions of what Fausto is up to, for
Mike Sackton: of from a
Mike Sackton: must.
Mike Sackton:  Did you lose me?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, just for a second.
Mike Sackton: mostly magical.
Mike Sackton: And most recently
Mike Sackton: we had our suspicions confirmed
Mike Sackton: by the divine.
Timothy Sackton: And what were your suspicions
Mike Sackton: they were about? Who Fausto is working for? Why should I tell you that? Do we even want to know?
Mike Sackton: But I put out there all right. Our suspicions
Mike Sackton: that have been confirmed. that Fausto is working for
Mike Sackton: appallion. The last Emperor of drank or reborn is an undead
Mike Sackton: which
Timothy Sackton: you look, she kind of shakes her head for a moment. The you obviously have been misinformed
Mike Sackton: just needs the cloak and the scepter and the crown
Timothy Sackton: to restore
Timothy Sackton: the dead last Aunt, Emperor of Drankore to life full and whole.
Timothy Sackton: to resurrect him.
Mike Sackton: No, he is not dead
Mike Sackton: while he is dead, he is undead.
Mike Sackton: He's on that he is trapped. He is not trapped, he is buried dead in a tomb. No, he is not.
Mike Sackton: What. How do you know? Why? Do you believe that he is buried dead in a tune make a persecution. Jack
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): apparently inspired only 6 old shit.
Timothy Sackton: This he pauses for a moment.
Kate Sackton: flush that charming, else smile because nobody can hear you.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: that.
Mike Sackton: Can you hear me now
Timothy Sackton: to pauses from Homin? She says
Timothy Sackton: how they told me
Mike Sackton: Busto is a man
Mike Sackton: who uses his crown to corrupt the souls of Jardonians and turn them
Mike Sackton: unclean.
Mike Sackton: How does a man who would use garage as his primary
Mike Sackton: ally? Her?
Timothy Sackton: They are. They volunteered to be purified
Mike Sackton: so.
Timothy Sackton: and the process went wrong. But
Timothy Sackton: it will be fixed.
Did you see them volunteer?
Mike Sackton: Have you met anybody for whom it succeeded.
Mike Sackton: Does Fausto, just in your experience, make mistakes? Often
Mike Sackton: does nobody who work for him have a pure enough soul?
Mike Sackton: Why have you not volunteered? If it's so
Mike Sackton: beneficial.
Timothy Sackton: is not asked
Mike Sackton: because he doesn't need you under his thumb because you're working for him voluntarily.
Timothy Sackton: This is not true.
Mike Sackton: Think about what you've seen and heard of him.
Mike Sackton: Do you really think it's not true?
Timothy Sackton: You just not want to admit it? Once Crash gets the once foulestow gets the cloak and the scepter from garage
Timothy Sackton: with the crown, he will bring about
Timothy Sackton: the resurrection.
Mike Sackton: He will free Apollion in the prison that he is trapped in.
Mike Sackton: You will, free and undead creature of unimaginable power onto the world. not to restore, drank, or but to bring an empire of garage to the world.
Timothy Sackton: You never work with garage
Timothy Sackton: who never accept crash as an overlord.
Mike Sackton: Fausto wouldn't accept crash as an overlord, but he can accept him as an underlying.
Mike Sackton: Would he object to a world undead.
Mike Sackton: Don't think so. Think about it.
Mike Sackton: Why is it so unlikely that he's working for an undid cadmos.
Mike Sackton: you know, cosmos.
Mike Sackton: where do you think he got his power
Timothy Sackton: necessary. Evil.
Mike Sackton: His power came from Paulia.
Timothy Sackton: No, it couldn't have it.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: he worshiped the polyat. That's where he got his power from.
Mike Sackton: Could he do that if appallion was buried in a tomb?
Timothy Sackton: No, his power was from a powerful undead.
Mike Sackton: a poly on
Timothy Sackton: the drank Orion emperors would never agree to such a
Timothy Sackton: tainted future.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I oh, yeah, no longer is a drink, or you know I I cannot tell you what
Mike Sackton: the Drinkquorian empires would have done. I?
Mike Sackton: The stories my people tell certainly would not
Mike Sackton: make drain corps into a great place that would never do this.
Mike Sackton: Are you sure? A Polyon?
Mike Sackton: There have been there have been corrupted emperors before every empire suffers from them.
Mike Sackton: Appallion does not represent, drank, or Pauline represents corruption.
Mike Sackton: We're not working for drink, or you're working for the corruption of drink
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in sort of
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can tell that she really strongly doesn't want this to be true. But like
Timothy Sackton: you're wearing her down, and she's not quite sure what to say other than she's just kind of saying, no.
Timothy Sackton: cannot all have been a waste?
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: and if that means garage
Timothy Sackton: garage gets the scepter
Timothy Sackton: he succeeds. He's saying, this will
Timothy Sackton: unleash an undead army on my beautiful city. No, that cannot be.
Mike Sackton: You don't know where the undead army will be unleashed.
Mike Sackton: but I would fear, for your city
Mike Sackton: crush
Mike Sackton: is not close to getting the scepter.
Mike Sackton: There is much time
Mike Sackton: to stop him. If you tell us what you know.
Mike Sackton: you don't ask you to betray Chardon, or drank, or just garage, and Fasta
Timothy Sackton: most was pretty sure that you had this up there
Timothy Sackton: new Apollon had it
Timothy Sackton: you you kill her! You knew how Aghata had it.
Timothy Sackton: Knew you killed? Aghata! Who did she say it was pretty sure we had the scepter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I listened about it. I had this wonderful
Timothy Sackton: learned recently
Timothy Sackton: spoke to some dead werewolves.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That will do it.
Timothy Sackton: and if you have the scepter. and the cloak is here. I cannot imagine why you say garage is not close to getting the scepter unless you have a way to stop 3,000 unkillable undead.
Timothy Sackton: It seems he is very close.
Timothy Sackton: I would even say, destroy it before letting an undead army sweep across the land.
Mike Sackton: Are we starting to like her again?
Mike Sackton: I mean, you know.
Mike Sackton: wait, wait.
Timothy Sackton: you know, drank orions. Other people
Timothy Sackton: drank orions. Other people undead like way below right. That's doesn't have to be a
Mike Sackton: it. It it's an alliance of convenience, for sure, right?
Mike Sackton: But like I mean, you know.
Mike Sackton: we could do a bit of the enemy of my enemy as my friend here.  wife is not without risk.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: God most certainly felt
Mike Sackton: strong in his position when he attacked to get the cloak.
Mike Sackton: Look where that ended up.
Mike Sackton: Tell us what you know of Cross. He has 3,000 undead. You say they are unkillable.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why do you say that
Timothy Sackton: they are burnt by a holy fire they restore every night.
Mike Sackton: unless they are burnt by holy fire?
Mike Sackton: This, for this forbidden a little bit is, do radiant damage.
Mike Sackton: So did she say, unless, or did she say? And in West? No, no! And West does forbidden do radiant damage by any chance.
Mike Sackton: Let's check
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that what a hold fire is?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's radiant damage. Holy. It's sickening. Radi. It's also just radiant damage. By the way, yeah.
Mike Sackton: radiant damage.
Mike Sackton: Holy fire is not something. We it is holy fire is something we possess.
Kate Sackton: We have no shortage of holy fire, that's the phrase I was looking for.
Mike Sackton: How does garage make more?
Mike Sackton: We hear he is killing his Orcs in order to raise them as undead.
Mike Sackton: Do you know how long it takes him to do that.
Timothy Sackton: If they are not, or he he possesses some
Mike Sackton: power over death. A ring.
Mike Sackton: one of the art of accidentals must be bound to him before
Timothy Sackton: they can be
Timothy Sackton: before their souls are trapped, and they can never leave endlessly recycled.
Timothy Sackton: Not know how long that binding takes
Kate Sackton: all right.
Timothy Sackton: Each target must be
Timothy Sackton: touched. must be
Timothy Sackton: ritually bound to him
Timothy Sackton: to kill the 1,000 or 6 he had in his army. Must he, days
Mike Sackton: and he
Mike Sackton: bring to life. Those he did not kill.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: but he must touch all things, that this army are the animated dead. They are weaker, they don't, they will not restore.
Timothy Sackton: He has animated large numbers of the dead bodies of Carson.
Mike Sackton: Yes. we know
Timothy Sackton: they are just simple on that. They will not come back to life after they are killed
Timothy Sackton: is only the core of his army there
Timothy Sackton: flying spectres and the orchard zombies. It cannot be defeated.
Mike Sackton:  Other things we want to ask her folks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): how do we?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton:  you don't know if you can. Well, he possesses the ring. When you say
Timothy Sackton: he has power over life and death.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Take the ring.
Timothy Sackton: he said. This mission could not fail.
Eric Rosenbaum: or even if we died.
Timothy Sackton: garage would storm the palace and avenge us.
Mike Sackton: Is garage coming here
Mike Sackton: with that his his plan, if card most failed
Mike Sackton: to storm the palace and claim the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: is
Timothy Sackton: Cassian alive
Mike Sackton: is
Timothy Sackton: but now you will have spoken to garage. called them all that happened. and I'm sure garage will be coming.
Mike Sackton: Do we know if in your Planar.
Timothy Sackton: if communication spells work through the mirror, sending work to other planes.
Mike Sackton: sending works across planes. Yep.
Mike Sackton: did Cassian, can you long rest in the mirror? You can't right?
Surely the mirror would
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): have some kind of safeguards.
Mike Sackton: You can't plan or travel in or out of it
Mike Sackton: right? We like. We can't dimension door out of the me like, as far as we know, like presumably the powerful hop goblin wizard
Mike Sackton: would have just plane shifted out if you were allowed to plane, shift out. If the powerful, how government was. It has 7 of has plane shift.
Mike Sackton: Right?
Mike Sackton: I mean, maybe you can just point, shift out any of those powerful wizards that don't have plane shift. Do we know if you, in as far as we know, like, can you long rest in the mirror?
Timothy Sackton:  do we know you do know that people eventually heal.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: because you know that Sara was
Timothy Sackton: like. For example, there was the guy whose I got cut out, but like he didn't
Timothy Sackton: lead out and die right like they cover. And you know Thorough was beat up in the kidnapping attempt, but was not like
Timothy Sackton: beat up when she came out. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So presumably, time does pass just very slowly, very slowly, so potentially, you could long rest. But probably Cassian wouldn't have been able to yet.
Timothy Sackton: for sure. Yeah, so he's limited somewhat in what spells he can cast by what spells he had laughed. But if some you know that, you know you, if you remember, you know, garage can cast sending right?
Timothy Sackton: Because when you clairvoyance to him, he
Mike Sackton: yeah ask the spell and talk to somebody.
Mike Sackton: right? So a garage could sending to Cassian if Cassian didn't have any slots left.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is what comes of leaving our captives alive.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Well, what we found out some musical information. Now we will kill him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him):  although I would just kill him anyways.
Mike Sackton:  the garage will be coming here.
Mike Sackton: I'll telepathically say, that's useful, actually.
Mike Sackton: and then we can set a trap.
Mike Sackton: The whole point is to forbearance the
Mike Sackton: heck out of the place, and then wet gosh! March in, and his army will die, including his unkillable arm.
Mike Sackton: Because it does radiant
Mike Sackton: like seriously, you could kill a thousand. You could kill 5,000 on dead pretty quickly with forbearance
Eric Rosenbaum: if they all walk into the. It's not really so easy to use it, because they're not going to just keep walking into a
Timothy Sackton: the span of the
Kate Sackton: right. Yeah, so they can't get into the city. Fine. Then the battle just stays outside the city, I mean, I guess
Mike Sackton: I guess they won't.
Mike Sackton: I mean, they're not going to like.
Mike Sackton: determine within 10 s that
Mike Sackton: right? But yes, they will like you might kill a handful of the scouts or the front, the vanguard of skeletons or something, but they're not just gonna keep marching into a spell. That's true.
Mike Sackton: which is why I need to also use all my other you could in theory.
Mike Sackton: try and set up a trap right where they can come in. And then, once they're inside the city. and but where there's like a section right. Imagine we should finish talking, but I imagine you set up an entry way that is not spelled, and then
Mike Sackton: the rest of it is spelled, and you try and encourage them to come into the entryway, and then you have forbearance on the exit of the entryway. Once they've come in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, you box someone where you box them in. Right?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you have to do that in 10 min while the army is realizing what's happening.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But it takes a while for an army to like
Mike Sackton: react right?
Kate Sackton: You could use some part of this trap for some number of them, but not it is not. It is probably not impossible, but also keep in mind that
Mike Sackton: I mean, garage is not stupid, right? He must be a wet. He's clearly aware of the forbearance spell right?
Timothy Sackton: Like it's not. Forbearance is is a very powerful defensive spell. It is not designed to be yeah right now, and we're trying to make it into an offensive spell, and you're trying to present prevent us. I'm not trying to stop it. I'm just saying
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): maybe not simple it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Maybe we think of it differently. That that's the cleanup spell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know. If we go out and strait them with boulders and all the undead, or.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, dead for a certain amount of time, and we task people for appearances, or put them all in one place so that as they rise, or even as they're laying there, they get
Mike Sackton: you, you can sort of sit there in an arrow slit and cast the spell right here for
Mike Sackton: 40,000 feet out away from you. Right?
Timothy Sackton: It's not right. It's 40,000 square feet. So it's like 200 by 200 feet. Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: okay, we we'd be defending ourselves against a future threat but going towards them
Eric Rosenbaum: anyway, what's is there anything else we want to ask, Antonia
Eric Rosenbaum: it did. We just learn the
Eric Rosenbaum: that the 3 items are the scepter cloak, and I am that before
Eric Rosenbaum: she doesn't. And she didn't include the ring, the rain. the crown, the ring, the scepter, and the cloak are the 4 items.
Mike Sackton: Obviously nobody was looking for the Crown, because Buster already has it.
Mike Sackton: and nobody is looking for the ring, because garage already has
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right. Wait a minute. What are the people doing on the island? Then
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there must be something else. Right?
Mike Sackton: Let's ask for what?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What are? Oh, yeah. yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, she said. No, no, no, she said. She told us. Fausto set told her
Mike Sackton: that when he gets the cloak the scepter plus the crown he already has, you can resurrect a polyant. Right?
Mike Sackton: I so I'll clarify. It's the crown he already has all but but yeah, it is.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, not everybody is perfect. People can make mistakes.
Timothy Sackton: You for a long time, thought the cloak was in the West.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Mike Sackton: it's either there's a fifth item, or
Mike Sackton: the rumors were all that the cloak was in the West, right, and the rumors. There was a lot of rumors about various items moving. Keep in mind Valerian, or whatever his name
Mike Sackton: basically stumbled on these Orcs by accident.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and I don't think anybody knew about them until he did right.
Mike Sackton: That was the impression I got from his store. I think that would. Yeah, that's definitely the case. Right?
Mike Sackton: So it's at least plausible that everybody is looking in the islands, because that's where people thought that the cloak. What thought the cloak was right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: seems lightly.
Mike Sackton: That is sort of bad in the sense that if crash tells, in fact, if crash succeeded, then, you know, game over, they have all 4 artifacts, which is why we originally said we weren't going to go anywhere near Grot until we destroyed the scepter in a volcano. But then no way, why didn't we do that?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why did we stick to that plan? Because of the the of the attack?
Timothy Sackton: Nothing's stopping you from flying off to a volcano to destroy the scepter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We fly to the about Canada grasping at the cloak. I mean, I'll just roll over these guys.
Mike Sackton: I mean, because we could out of Brisbane stays here to cast forbearance.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I can hold the city, you guys. Oh, I see, so that we can go to New Hampshire and play finding the volcano without rising. It's but it works in world, too.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that works great.
Mike Sackton: It's not enough.
Mike Sackton: Come back for grush after the volcano. It's not a crazy idea there's anything left of him. Maybe I'll leave you some, you boys some fun
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): if there's anything left of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: This one can hold an army of undead single-handedly.
What's the air speed of our ship? And how close is the volcano?
Eric Rosenbaum: We're not that fast
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like it does. Richman has to hold this city for a month or for a week.
Timothy Sackton:  it depends on what volcano you want to go to, but and also like.
Timothy Sackton: basically just have rumors. You probably want to go somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I don't know what you want to do. There are volcanoes that are like near. like the I, the whole like
Timothy Sackton: the islands on the northern, like the scare peninsula, the islands of the northern part of the
Timothy Sackton: of the western Green sea all the way through that big island in the centre of the green sea.
Eric Rosenbaum: stretching up into like the Kinku territory. Those are all volcanoes there. Any of them covered a nice we can go there.
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Timothy Sackton: that would be, I think I did look at this earlier. If you do your flying 22 h a day with Kenzo and
Timothy Sackton: and Seeker taking turns piloting. That's something like
for
Timothy Sackton: 9, 10 days to get to that rough area
Timothy Sackton: probably takes you a bit of time to figure out what to actually do. So realistically, yeah, you're talking about a month.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do we know this is like the answer.
Timothy Sackton: you don't really know the volcano, is the answer. Right? You really like.
Timothy Sackton: But I mean, there's like toll. And you could go to toll and and like we actually talk to people who aren't trying to kill you at a big university.
Mike Sackton: You have no idea how long it would take, but you would probably think just like
Timothy Sackton: with Wellbey's experience traveling and just kind of roughly thinking about it. If you wanted to go off and destroy the scepter, just to make sure that
Timothy Sackton: if the worst happened, garage could not get all items you're talking. Come on.
Mike Sackton: It's not the craziest idea
Mike Sackton: it really does solve all of Tim's problems about
Mike Sackton: about how to make the New Hampshire thing work.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know. If we could just get the ring off
Eric Rosenbaum: finger we'd be in a position to then have we then have 2 of that, and we be close to getting 3. So if we just went over and get the fourth one.
Mike Sackton: I mean we should go to Charlotte. Why, why are we? Why are we talking about this? We should go get the crown from 1,000. That's obviously the next thing to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: because then we could.
Mike Sackton: We just take. We take the sceptre, we fly to festo. We take up the September of command. We say, Faust, that we now have the sceptre of command. You gotta give us the crown, because one of us will tune to the sceptre.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm! A tun of the receptor would make things different. It would totally work different. Good, different. Good. Yeah.
Mike Sackton:  I I mean, the out of game watching is so strong. I feel like we should just do this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I feel like the in-game logic that, like I'm I'm having difficulty wrapping my mind around everyone not being killed and grush taking the cloak while we go off and do that.
Mike Sackton: and that's it.
Timothy Sackton: But how would the how would anybody die? The undead undead cannot enter the city literally cannot enter the city.
Timothy Sackton: Wait! Why can't they answer the city? I forgot this. One's going to cast your brazen is going to sacrifice herself.
Timothy Sackton: casting forbearance 12 h a day to cover the entire city in forbearance.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. And if you just, the the problem is that when the undead enter the city
Mike Sackton: they take 5 to 10 damage a turn.
Mike Sackton: So that's like 3 turns, and they're dead pretty much guaranteed
Timothy Sackton: so they can get, you know. a a hundred feet past the, you know. Specters could
Timothy Sackton: could get a hundred feet past the walls and land, and they'd have 2 turns to try and do damage.
Mike Sackton: The you can also cast hollow
Mike Sackton: to permanently prevent undead from ever entering a specific. Wait. Hold on, you know it'd be super cool. You cast forbearance
Mike Sackton: 30 days in a row becomes permanent.
Mike Sackton: but that's very expensive, because you need the the material component is consumed when it becomes well. How many copies of the spell is it. How many to cover the whole city? How many times you cast on the spell like up 30, 30 times. Okay, that's that's 30,000 gold.
Mike Sackton: loop back. I mean, they just melt down all the crown jewels. It's worth it. It needs specifically 30,000 gold worth of rubies.
Kate Sackton: Rubies, your diamond.
Mike Sackton: We're going to go halves on that with them. Yeah, totally like we do. We not have some ruby like, could we not? For round up your rubies for Brisbane's first, but like.
Mike Sackton: because that's worth it. Right like, imagine that we make the city of the Orcs permanently. Forbearance, so that Undead can never enter it that is totally worth it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I would be remembered for a thousand years. Man, that's amazing. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: there is some question about how it would interact with the cloak, but
Eric Rosenbaum: when the cloak turns on what would happen
Mike Sackton: with the well, the effect 8 permanent, it's permanent.
Timothy Sackton: Just going to require a careful dance of
Mike Sackton: boo-bash and riz when not being in the same part of the city, while Brisbane's doing her spell casting.
Mike Sackton: I think we should, I mean. So let's wrap up with Antonia. I think we should.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: I I do want to talk to Cassian.
Mike Sackton: possibly just to kill them. But we want to see. I think we gotta play that and see what happens.
Mike Sackton: how should we leave it with Antonia? I kind of want to.
Mike Sackton: I mean, she's been very helpful.
Mike Sackton: We can't release her right now.
Kate Sackton: It's a little tenuous as as the
Timothy Sackton: as this ends as your conversation with her winds down. She says
Timothy Sackton: she wants to know what you're going to do with her. and she says.
Timothy Sackton: I think I have helped you. I've trusted you.
Timothy Sackton: You're not asked to return to this fight.
Timothy Sackton: I would
Timothy Sackton: travel
Timothy Sackton: to the north, to Voltera, or somewhere in the far northern frontier of the Empire, far away from all the doings of
Timothy Sackton: Orcs and
Timothy Sackton: chart in itself.
Timothy Sackton: and I would
Timothy Sackton: make a life there building a new city.
Mike Sackton: Sorry. Where does she want to make my headset my headset? Just like right, she said, way north of the Empire, like Voltaire, or somewhere around there, like the far northern edge of the of Chernon, she that's where she wants to go.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that's where she's offering to like. Be exiled to if you don't want. If you don't feel comfortable with her returning to Chardon.
Eric Rosenbaum: our North is good.
Mike Sackton: probably safer for her.
Mike Sackton: It's I mean, it's a bad idea for her to return to Chartered while Fausto is still alive. Anyway.
Mike Sackton: I just don't know, so we'll tell her we could maybe drop her there in a few years when we're in the neighborhood. She won't notice the time at all, and I mean I am out, I mean, I think we'll we'll tell her that
Mike Sackton: we are. She has helped us. and although we may not see I to I about everything.
Mike Sackton: She was honorable, and answered our questions. and
Mike Sackton: we I believe that she is not
Mike Sackton: so. We hack. Kenzoki isn't around stolen. It'll be very useful. He ends in a
Mike Sackton: like. Presumably she's not. It's not all alive. It's all you can't sulfide across planes you'd have to free her to
Mike Sackton: He could do is just like insight detect? Why, type.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bobby is pretty good at insight, too. Right? That's true. Yeah, I'll ins a check for lies.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 28.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean you.
Timothy Sackton: she genuinely, is repulsed by Undead, and you definitely get the sense that as much as she didn't want to deal with is persuasive enough that
Timothy Sackton: she believes what you said, and so she's kind of turned upside down at the moment like, so she's not quite sure what what to do, but she's you.
Timothy Sackton: You get the sense. She was always a little bit like when she was said when she was told to like Ally with Gosh! She was like, what?
Mike Sackton: And now this is just like everything's clicking to place like Cadmus is weird, undead visage. And right
Timothy Sackton: so she's out of sorts. But definitely
Mike Sackton: so. She she believes us, and she honestly hates on dead and is not secretly. It's all all well, so I mean
Mike Sackton: we are happy to.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it would be quite a stretch to consider a good person. But yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Mike Sackton:  exile in the north of Char, in the north of the Empire is certainly something we can arrange.
Mike Sackton: We
Mike Sackton: I am a hesitant to send you on your own there, unless you are going to join the battle with us against garage.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: if I can
Timothy Sackton: stay here.
Mike Sackton: we are happy to hear maybe 2,
Timothy Sackton: until it's perhaps safe.
Mike Sackton: We can arrange that.
Mike Sackton: We will release you at a time
Mike Sackton: when it appears
Mike Sackton: for us and you
Mike Sackton: and you. Certainly
Mike Sackton: we will
Mike Sackton: keep you updated as we can.
Mike Sackton: and certainly not leave you to languish
Mike Sackton: for hundreds of years.
Timothy Sackton: I would appreciate that.
Mike Sackton: Are there any of your companions you were particularly fond of?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean that's my expectation.
Timothy Sackton: No, I? I ask only because it is
Mike Sackton: But Valerin was much
Mike Sackton: more pleased with his captivity. with his brother.
Mike Sackton: I take it you would prefer solitude.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Think we also don't want to lose cells.
Timothy Sackton: I would not wish to me near
Timothy Sackton: cleanse, and
Timothy Sackton: if you open that portal to Cassie, and I will eventually kill him
Timothy Sackton: cannot control himself.
Mike Sackton: and she's understood her gauntlets. And like little sparks of light, I mean, she's like the one person who we didn't manage to disarm. She's still basically her fully powered artifice herself.
Mike Sackton:  we will speak again in some time.
Timothy Sackton: By the way, you are actually slightly closer to the volcanoes in the Scare Islands than you are to chart in right here by about 15 miles.
Mike Sackton: Should we talk to Cassian for a minute before we Then debate with Lubes. What we want to do? Do we want to just kill them?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We want to try just information of any kind.
Mike Sackton: that's a good idea like.
Mike Sackton: Tell him we're panicked because everybody's dead. or some crap like that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or we're telling that we're just like buckling down for a siege, you know. Don't tell him that we're leaving to destroy this item.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or or maybe I don't know
Mike Sackton: like, what would the what would we want to achieve? I mean, disinformation is a brilliant idea. But what do we?
Mike Sackton: What are we trying to encourage?
Mike Sackton: I mean, the only thing I could think of would be to try and convince him that we are staying here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I I worry a little bit about like some desperate last-minute attack by Fausto.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like if he knew we were
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): on the verge of destroying this thing, and had any way at all in his power of getting to us. I think he would try it. I don't think we want right? So you mean the disadvant disinformation would be.
Mike Sackton: we're buckling down for so basically like.
Mike Sackton: come and get us, we're we're here to kill garage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Then, again.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we don't have to be described once for that. Clearly, not to be the case, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know anybody watching that top lately.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's just a check on it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wellbey keeps the study on it. So I mean, not that you are safe from scrying, but
Timothy Sackton: if you.
Mike Sackton: Cadmus, had a scrying mirror. I was about to say the same thing
Mike Sackton: at most was a war walk. He had the same cheat of the system that Deluth has, being a warlock with scrying
Mike Sackton: so he could cast it all the time. Fausto, even if Faust is a Fifteenth Level wizard, he probably only has 3 Fifth level slots.
Mike Sackton: Right? Is you really gonna want to burn all 3 of his 15 level spots on scoring us every day right like he's got to have other things to do with it
Mike Sackton: right now. Obviously you can upcast it. So I mean, he might have 8 slots or something like that. But but even so you're talking about not
Timothy Sackton: constant
Mike Sackton: with cat. Most it definitely felt like you were constantly being scribed right
Timothy Sackton: in the same way that Dowith constantly scries everybody.
Mike Sackton: But I mean there's not that many. I doubt Fausto has any other tenth level warlocks working for
Mike Sackton: very unlikely, and especially not tenth of a warlocks who actually have scribes
Mike Sackton: right like there's probably only 5 of us on the whole planet.
Mike Sackton: Right? Come. So
Mike Sackton: I mean, crying is obviously a danger. What we really need is to get a
Mike Sackton: our castle enchanted so it can't be described.
Eric Rosenbaum: or something like that. But
Mike Sackton: anything's possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there is a magic item of proof against detection, of amulet of non-detection which prevents you individual person from being described. Also, I mean, none of us have crap. Wisdom saves right like
Timothy Sackton: with
Timothy Sackton: right, with only a few attempts to describe per day. There's a much higher chance that
Timothy Sackton: you'll succeed all of the saves you have. Friday. When Cadmus was scrying 8, 10 times a day.
Timothy Sackton: we're bound to fill one of them eventually. I mean, you could try everybody, because there's 5 of you.
Mike Sackton: The good chance somebody would fit on The other thing is, even in even a successful scribe doesn't really
Mike Sackton: help very much if we're just flying in the castle right like
Mike Sackton: you can't see. We just need to stay indoors. It would be obvious you weren't in the orchard city.
Mike Sackton: No, not if we're inside the castle we could be in the castle above, I mean
Mike Sackton: once Squash is sieging the city. He'll know the castle isn't above the city right, but until he's see you in the city. It wouldn't be obvious.
Kate Sackton: I do think, that this information might not be terribly useful
Kate Sackton: unless it's for, like one or 2 day delay.
Kate Sackton: If you guys get going.
Mike Sackton: I still think we should talk to him. I just want to see what he says.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I am half tempted to open up the portal between the poison troll and him. See what happens.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't think we should lose our. You're right. It's not worth losing a self-slot over.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah
Kate Sackton: at the.
Mike Sackton: I also wonder if we should
Mike Sackton: execute.
Kate Sackton: I thought there was a plan.
Timothy Sackton: let's talk to him. Let's see what he sent up, and says.
Timothy Sackton: I will leave the decision to you, as he is wronged you more than me.
Timothy Sackton: but nothing I have heard gives me any reason to believe this man should remain alive.
Kate Sackton: We have the opinion of a peaceful Orc.
Mike Sackton:  let us see what he has to say for himself, but I don't think any of us disagree with that assessment of his fate.
Kate Sackton: So just on the
Kate Sackton: assuming that his this conversation
Kate Sackton: leads to us, you know, continuing to believe that that should be his fate.
Kate Sackton: Are we just gonna go straight into like pulling them out of the portal and have a plan to kill them right there and have a little battle. or are we going to shut him up again, and then go back and attack him
Kate Sackton: afterward?
Kate Sackton: Do we need to be ready with our like execution plan.
Mike Sackton: I mean, the only challenge is, we don't actually know how many spell slots he has left.
Mike Sackton: and the risk of letting him out. Is that? Then he casts dimension to our something and flees.
Mike Sackton: But of course I have 2 counter spells seeker. You have counter spell, too. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep. So
Mike Sackton: a counterspal the secret, and I, both with counterspell, means that he can cast a spell. I can counter, spell it. He tries to counter, spell. The counter spells secret can counter, spell. It's counter, spell the counter spell.
Mike Sackton: Meanwhile, while all this is happening, maybe just shoots him exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay
Mike Sackton: for a blueback cut. I mean, one of the forks can cut his head off whatever right? It's just if he we're well enough stocked with anti magic stuff that if he tries to cast a spell to escape
Mike Sackton: in the instant that he's freed.
Mike Sackton: I think we could stop them
Mike Sackton: as long as we get like the element of, and he's also bound
Mike Sackton: we did weave it with him, being bound. He presumably hasn't had time to escape the bonds.
Mike Sackton: I feel bad. White is in. Do we leave Antonia bound?
Mike Sackton: It's like I should free her hands.
Timothy Sackton: you you!
Mike Sackton: Oh! She probably freed herself from! But she was not. Once you were done speaking to her, she was no longer bad.
Mike Sackton: We should definitely free. What's his name if he was bound?
Mike Sackton: What's his name? And his brother. What's his name? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I feel like it wouldn't be that I yeah, they could probably get each other out, that's true, but we can. Also he's not going to try and escape if we pull him out of the mirror and send it back in right.
Mike Sackton: Let's let's bring Cassie into the 4.
Kate Sackton: We can check on the prisoner's well-being and a few minutes of their time, which could be like a
Mike Sackton: Let's see
Mike Sackton: you open. I just look at him. I'm not even going to say anything
Timothy Sackton: you've still found, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll look interested.
Oh, maybe we get into monologue.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just like making encouraging noises.
Kate Sackton: Tipper in your boots.
Mike Sackton: I look a little like intimidated.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know if I can pull that off, but I'll get what what it mean. We failed
Timothy Sackton: will not tell you Grosch's plans, but he is aware of your tricks and traps
Timothy Sackton: not fall for that again.
Mike Sackton: We didn't
Mike Sackton: trick him. Her drop him. We
Mike Sackton: slaughtered you and your companions. You were just weak.
Timothy Sackton: No reason to speak with you.
Timothy Sackton: I will be free soon.
Mike Sackton: Does anybody have spells that do radiant damage?
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I mean that you could just use. Yeah, okay, this one's got a lot of it. It's like, all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: actually, I guess, because my sword does radiant image to right. It's bonus which is radiant.
Timothy Sackton: He looks back at you.
Timothy Sackton: Go away now.
Timothy Sackton: turns his back.
Mike Sackton: Our
Mike Sackton: look over it.
Mike Sackton: lubash! And say.
Mike Sackton:  He is clearly
Mike Sackton: irredeemable and unhelpful.
Mike Sackton: I think
Mike Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: your headsets are again like.
Mike Sackton: did you? I said. I'll look over at Lubash and say about Cassie, and clearly, so that he can hear us.
Mike Sackton: I think he is irredeemable. and it's not going to provide any useful information to us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there anything that he could provide if we could get it out with him like?
Mike Sackton: Are you saying that telepathically, or
Mike Sackton: he presumably knows grosses. plans and abilities better than anybody else.
Mike Sackton: I'll say tell bathroom I mean perhaps he will
Mike Sackton: change his tune with the sword at his neck.
Kate Sackton: I think we have to be too quick. He's too dangerous a flight risk to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know.
Kate Sackton: Hold his mortality over him
Kate Sackton: to try to but extract information.
Mike Sackton: I meant figurative sword right if he doesn't blink at the threat of execution
Mike Sackton: we carry it through.
Mike Sackton: I think I can't think of anything that would motivate him to talk.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, that would also reduce to almost 0. He was quite wounded at the end of the battle, and presumably hasn't been able to.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, that's true. He was so badly wounded that, like 8 points of sleep, took him out
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Mike Sackton:  I will.
Mike Sackton: He's not looking at. But I will say, Cassian, if you you are wounded.
Mike Sackton: if you are so arrogant, is to be unwilling to plead for your life. We are happy to execute you.
Mike Sackton: Lubech has requested it. We are certainly not going to disagree with him.
Timothy Sackton: Tell me, if you must. grass will free me when he takes the castle.
Mike Sackton: We burn you with holy fire. He won't
Timothy Sackton: think you underestimate his power.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The the ring's power, not his power.
Timothy Sackton: Do what you wish.
Mike Sackton: He's not going to care.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cast in, and in all seriousness, and I
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't really expect you to answer this question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but I haven't understood this part of the plan.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You get the the items.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Garage holds 2 or 3 of them.
Maybe Fasto manages to get 2 or 3 of them rather than garage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why, at that point don't they just keep them for themselves and rule.
Timothy Sackton: He starts laughing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's a higher hold, then, that a polyon has over them. or merely bringing them together. brings him through.
Timothy Sackton: You know so little of what awaits you.
Timothy Sackton: It will. Yeah, I know that's that's why I'm putting it out there.
Timothy Sackton: I'm not so foolish as to give you hints.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm. There
Mike Sackton: the inverse. No detect thoughts.
Eric Rosenbaum: What you see there is a spell detect dots.
Mike Sackton: I do not think any of you know, that you could spell for interrogation. Somebody should really learn. It
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): probably doesn't work your best to mention
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): another half of this is any prison.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): so shall we kill them?
Mike Sackton: I think we should just.
Mike Sackton:  I guess, Cassin, you're expecting to enjoy your wife as an undead servant of crash.
Mike Sackton: There's not much pleasure to be had as that sort of creature, I guess, but I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Timothy Sackton: He just looks at you, turns and looks at you, and his eyes sparkle slightly.
Timothy Sackton: It holds out his hands in front of him. Tied?
Mike Sackton: All right, let's kill him.
Yup.
Timothy Sackton: you summon him out of the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Dexterity check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Probably we bring tens of up to before we do this. Here's a decks check.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if you try to cast a spell, I'm going to counter. Spell it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a 10. Why is it this one?
Kate Sackton: I'm ready with guiding Bolter.
Kate Sackton: My acts, which ever seems more reasonable.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, is inspiration, irrelevant? Question. There.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think I'll You can certainly inspire a decks check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But he rolled the 4. Anyway, he's got a terrible bet.
Timothy Sackton: So he steps out of the so out of the mirror as you summon him, and he begins to
Timothy Sackton: mutter something. Other is under his breath, and you can see flames begin to appear from his mouth as he speaks.
Timothy Sackton: But before anything happens an arrow thunk pierces through his wounded body, and he slumps over dead.
Mike Sackton: Also.
Mike Sackton: I would counterspell his spell. Well, obviously he didn't even get it off before we'll be killed. Him. I mean, you don't need to win win initiative or anything like that. The counterpart we're obviously I can be surprised. Yeah, no, I know. I just think diving Burden's dead body. Just yes, it's just for narrative purposes. Yeah, it plays tension in a good way. Yep, it does. That is true.
Mike Sackton: Yes, please do. Guiding bolts his dead body.
Mike Sackton: We should also probably burn it
Kate Sackton: which isn't radiant damage. But
Kate Sackton: blame right? Which is different.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, I mean, once we've radiant damaged him a bit
Mike Sackton: such that he's double dead, we should then cremate his body that he can't be resurrected as a zombie.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, okay. So.
Timothy Sackton: cremate his body
Timothy Sackton: he has dealt with, and
Timothy Sackton: Lubash then turns to you, and says. looking over at Maru.
Timothy Sackton: so what is our plan? I heard some discussion of extending the protection that
Timothy Sackton: you, Rizman, passed on the palace last night to the whole city. Is this truly possible?
Kate Sackton: I would labor to make it so. We could coordinate.
Mike Sackton: if you can. Why should what Rizwin so share the good news about if they can get a lot of powdered ruby, so you can make it permanent.
Kate Sackton: Yes, The work that I will do I will do by circling
Kate Sackton: parcels throughout the day
Kate Sackton: being where your your influence of your cloak is not, so that you can continue to protect your people in your way, and I can
Kate Sackton: access my divinities to protect them in my way and
Kate Sackton: Every time I cast the spell I will use some
Kate Sackton: precious
Kate Sackton:  we'll be done. I'll just say ruby dust. And why does it matter
Kate Sackton: to
Kate Sackton: create the effect? And it will be returned to me as I repeat this over and over.
Kate Sackton: but if I were to do this continually for a month.
Kate Sackton: and there were enough ruby dust here in the city for me to
Kate Sackton: cast it on the last day, or burn over with the dust being consumed, it would last
Kate Sackton: so we don't. I don't have the resources in rubies with me here at the moment to create that one final, permanent casting
Kate Sackton: that I could do it. I can work towards that end and maintain this
Kate Sackton: during the siege of these undead.
Kate Sackton: Of course we will. It will then be a siege of a very protected place. and Murray's forces will
Kate Sackton: need to.
Kate Sackton: you know, operate in that arena
Timothy Sackton: siege we can withstand, if, especially if
Timothy Sackton: many of our people are able to flee East. I will send my nephew with them.
Timothy Sackton: So there is continuity. and we will gather all those who need the protection of the cloak the most here
Timothy Sackton: that will be no more than a few 1,000 people, and we have
Timothy Sackton: cisterns and water to last for months. and food can be stalked.
Mike Sackton: The one concern I have with this plan
Mike Sackton: is, what if garage just decides to walk into the city.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but it's crushing on them.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but
Mike Sackton: maybe he can take 5 to 10 damage forever while he has the ring.
Eric Rosenbaum:  rizman verse garage one v. One.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, it'll probably be a pretty fair fight if
Timothy Sackton: Raj was taking 5 to 10. Damage a turn.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Actually risen will be fine. You know what you can take.
Timothy Sackton: plus if you cast. If you pick one room to cast, hallow.
Timothy Sackton: undead cannot enter the area.
Eric Rosenbaum: as you can always retreat.
Timothy Sackton: so you can one out at the rate. It's a 60 foot radius.
Timothy Sackton: though it's much smaller.
Mike Sackton: and that all you in is a thousand gold of incense and herbs and oils. But
Mike Sackton: we have a dragon hord, we can, we can also. There's a whole, aren't they? I mean, these Orcs are not poor right like
Timothy Sackton: they are actually pretty poor.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, they have almost no mint, like almost no gemstones, or
I mean they have a lot of cattle wealth
Timothy Sackton: that's not, and rubies that's not trivial. All of their cattle have ruby saddles for some reason that we don't totally understand. With some contributions it is certainly possible for them, while they're like fleeing to like, send out a call for anybody as jewelry or like. There's surely 30,000 gold of rubies in the kingdom. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And there's surely a thousand gold of incense right? Like, yes, the hollow spell really just requires
Timothy Sackton: 1,000 gold. A 1,000. Right? Okay, it's not
Timothy Sackton: like that doesn't require much. The rubies are a little trickier to get.
Mike Sackton: I like the spell component work around Mike that like I'll sell you this stick for a house exactly right like. Well, I I read this book about the human history of oceans, and it talks a lot about trade in various incenses and things. Oh, you can also, when you cast how you can make it, so that in the area of the Hollis bell the tongues
Timothy Sackton: spell is constantly in effect.
Mike Sackton: Well, that's useful.
Timothy Sackton: So you could make the Throne room permanently tongued.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Kate Sackton: Or maybe like a little conference chamber, for you know all of your tongues needs. And yeah, sanctuary.
Kate Sackton: Maybe you don't want constant time. Oh, you probably want well, no, it's already forbearance. Never mind it. It also has
Timothy Sackton: affected creatures can't move or travel, using teleportation, or by extra-dimensional or interplanner.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Could we cure hold on?
Mike Sackton: Wouldn't one seekers strange possession
Mike Sackton: disappear if you went to do a Howard's place.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, probably.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, really
Mike Sackton: cause any fay. You, any creature charmed, frightened, or possessed by a fay
Mike Sackton: celestial, elemental, or fiend or undead is no longer. Would that
Mike Sackton: would that free the cleansed
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that's down at Kat Soon's body?
Timothy Sackton: It might.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting.
Mike Sackton: like it depends on whether they're possessed, or
Timothy Sackton: you can certainly try it.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it would be easy to try with
Mike Sackton: which means, brother.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, yeah. it's a great idea.
Timothy Sackton: Clerics get all the best like defense spells.
Kate Sackton:  So your devotion, dear, yes. So okay, so just so i'm clear on the plan.
Timothy Sackton: you are casting hollow on one room in the palace
Timothy Sackton: and doing the forbearance thing you have. You don't need the ruby dust until 30 days are upright, so I can reuse a little bit. I have over and over again for like.
Kate Sackton: So that's how I explained it to
Kate Sackton: the party are going to contribute
Mike Sackton: some amount of gold, and the Orcs are going to contribute some amount of gold. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: we'll we'll happily contribute all the gold we just stole from these
Mike Sackton: people who just died.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that wasn't all that much.
Mike Sackton: So somebody had 2 diamonds on them.
Timothy Sackton: That's true. Actually, there is not a
Timothy Sackton: and the mirror is worth a lot. That's
Timothy Sackton: yes.
Timothy Sackton: it's probably about 3,000 gold in total.
Mike Sackton: So that's a thousand goals for Hallow, and
Timothy Sackton: say it's a thousand gold for Hallow plus 3,000 gold.
Mike Sackton: You chip in a bit from your dragon horde.
Timothy Sackton: say another
Timothy Sackton: 7,000 from your dragon horde, so you chip in 10, and they chip in the rest
Mike Sackton: it might be worth.
Mike Sackton: And then we're going to want to weave. There's a couple things we might want to do on our way out. Do we want to try and scout what garage is doing at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just briefly drop the ship onto them.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it probably makes it more obvious. We're leaving.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we should just go.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: we could just go. We could. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, we could try to get within Clair Owen's range.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, I mean I could, chronically speaking, clairv oriented as infinite. If you're willing to gamble.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, with the glove is that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I can let it.
Mike Sackton: But I could also just oh, there's probably nobody around in his army to scry.
Mike Sackton: That's the problem.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. You haven't met any of them. Now that we've tracked them all in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: It's true it's unfortunate.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I could try and sky garage, but it's not very likely that it's never succeeded when I've tried before
Mike Sackton: I gave up because it never worked. You only tried once or twice. That's true.
Mike Sackton: Now that you're bored and you've lost lost all. You know. The nobody else has nobody left to scry? I mean, it's all scratch.
Kate Sackton: Didn't we know that one adventure who escaped
Timothy Sackton: for a sala
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just for fun?
Mike Sackton:  Oh, Marcel, yeah, no. I check in on her occasionally. Yeah, she was She had made it to Sambara, do you?
Eric Rosenbaum: But, Tim, so
Eric Rosenbaum: when do the glove charges recharge
Timothy Sackton: every after a long rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the long rest didn't do that for some reason. Oh, it doesn't do it automatically for match items. You have to do it manually. And then so with 3 charges, I could double the range of clairvoyance 3 times. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So that only puts it up to 8 miles. So it's not really
Mike Sackton: a. And honestly, the Orcs can. Also, I mean, they have scouts right? Like, what are we actually going to learn by? I mean, they currently have people watching the
Timothy Sackton: army slaughter.
Timothy Sackton: but watching the slaughter right like. There was a scout this morning. There was a report this morning, and there will be presumably another one
Timothy Sackton: this evening and another one next morning, as they watch and slowly retreat like the the fortress, is overrun. But they didn't. The
Timothy Sackton: undead were driven back and didn't manage to breach the.
Mike Sackton: Was that the fortress we were in? Yeah, that. Well, I could scry the fortress. Yeah, that's true.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that's not very useful at the moment, but like
Mike Sackton: when we get further out and we want to chicken and how things are going right, I mean, I can try rizwin too. Obviously.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you also have risen and also sending you correct. I can send
Eric Rosenbaum: right. You know. Things have gone bad when you can't see me, because I'm hiding in my hollow
Mike Sackton: backup room, but I can still
Mike Sackton:  But yes, if I ever see you in that room that's like the danger signal, right like, if we see ris when in the hollow room. It means things have gone very bad
Kate Sackton: spell slots, too, spent to send
Mike Sackton: But you're also not gonna have. I mean, how much time when you calculated the 30 forbearances is that like casting 4 h a day? But is that literally 12 h a day, literally 12 h. Yeah, exhausting. You have 12 h of of casting.
Timothy Sackton: 4 h of whatever you want and 8 h of resting.
Mike Sackton: it's not that much more exhausting than like a medieval monk. Prayer schedule, that's true.
Mike Sackton: is basically just praying right? Like.
Mike Sackton: you know, it's basically it is, you know, just a monk right like that's just what a monk would do. Pray for. That's what Brisbane would be doing anyway. Exactly.
Mike Sackton: It's very religious experience
Kate Sackton: getting dwarving gods to the godless works. Exactly right like.
Mike Sackton: why not?
Mike Sackton: I do think we should do, Halloween. because it would be nice to see if one I would. I think we should try. And
Mike Sackton: the curse seeker before we
Mike Sackton: weave rizwin. Oh, yeah, no. I mean we could do the whole thing where you make ice right now, and I could also make ice. I don't know if that would help.
Mike Sackton: Well, we could try that
Kate Sackton: if you like, like a really tantalizing ice sculpture with insight. Let's try that.
Mike Sackton: And I do greater restoration. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: let's do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know. It seems like the curse isn't really affecting me, but
Mike Sackton: but you're going to fly us into the cold mountain.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was always connected.
Mike Sackton: No, I go to a hot mountain.
Mike Sackton: You're gonna be like. No, I can't go there. It would hurt my ice creature
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Mike Sackton: I mean. all cast
Mike Sackton: shape water to shape a human sculpture and freeze it.
Timothy Sackton: make a
Timothy Sackton: the dealt with doesn't have any like you're you're like a cook. You don't have any proficiency, any artsy tools to you.
Mike Sackton: No artsy tools. Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know.
Timothy Sackton:  it may be. or make up. Make a charisma check, but no proficiency modifier. Just add your plus 5
Mike Sackton: 14.
Timothy Sackton: It's I mean, it's
Timothy Sackton: recognizably human.
Timothy Sackton: It's has, like, you know. decently shaped arms, and
Eric Rosenbaum: that
Timothy Sackton: it's a little tricky because you can only freeze weight.
Timothy Sackton: I don't mean it, can. It's it's very small, because I think it has to fit within a 5 foot.
Mike Sackton: Now I'm building it in multiple blocks.
Mike Sackton: Wait a fitting in a five-foot cube is dwarf-sized, but also, of course. Yes, yeah.
Mike Sackton: But but I also I can. I can.
Mike Sackton: I can.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you can do the first half and then second half right. The freeze is a permanent.
Mike Sackton: The freeze is a prominent effect, so I don't need it doesn't count towards the 2.
Timothy Sackton:  once you've frozen water twice. You can't
Mike Sackton: now, because freezing is is freezing is a permanent effect.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it doesn't. It's freezing is the instantaneous effect. Right? You freeze the water. It doesn't ever melt until it naturally melts, so it doesn't matter. You do it in 2 blocks. They mostly fit together
Timothy Sackton: like they're slightly off-center. It's I mean, it's definitely, recognizably a statue of the humor. But it's not what you would consider like
Mike Sackton: high art. Yeah, it's a large block of ice. yeah, shaped like a heap.
Mike Sackton: Okay, let's see if this works right.
Kate Sackton: I cast.
Kate Sackton: I say, my prayers, and I sprinkle some more diamond dust
Kate Sackton: on this very expensive companion of ours. It was worth it
Kate Sackton: every sprinkle.
Timothy Sackton: So you see this this creature and it it looks around
Timothy Sackton: and it sniffs the air. flicks out its tongue
Timothy Sackton: like looking at the statue, and then it
Eric Rosenbaum: bites into the back of Seeker's neck. Oh.
Timothy Sackton: and seeker, you feel like
Timothy Sackton: totally relaxed and chill.
Eric Rosenbaum: The act
Timothy Sackton: like cold doesn't affect you.
Timothy Sackton: You. It's too hot, right? Like it's way too hot right now. But, like you just feel for a moment you feel this like wave of this nice, lovely like winter blizzard just kind of washing over you.
Timothy Sackton: and that has gone like way too fast.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's that thing you like. Can we just stab it?
Kate Sackton: Let's go with the hollow plan.
Mike Sackton: It takes 24 h to cast, but
Kate Sackton: what else we have? We waited 24 h, or we waited overnight for me to long rest. So
Eric Rosenbaum: not like there's an army of undead marching on us or anything.
Timothy Sackton: Is this a creature?
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't?
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to know what it is, because you can't see it. I mean, rizwin can only see it briefly. When.
Mike Sackton: when a blessing of perception let me see it.
Timothy Sackton: What does that let you do see? Invisible. Yeah, no.
Timothy Sackton:  okay. So Rizwin
Timothy Sackton: is casting hollow.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So over the next 24 h you get prepared. You get packed at you like.
Timothy Sackton: Get prepared for the journey.
Timothy Sackton: You say your goodbyes to the Orcs. You give them what advice and
Timothy Sackton: comfort you, can you?
Timothy Sackton: Can we finish identifying all the items as part of this, by the way? yes. the other. So budget speed
Timothy Sackton: a plus 2 halberd the
Timothy Sackton: the the flaming ruby lets you cast conjure greater demon.
Timothy Sackton:  the ever spinning top that there's a chat.
Timothy Sackton: Antonia's chime of opening is a one-use item, but it'll open any door one time.
Kate Sackton: It's a greater deep in one use.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: I mean
Timothy Sackton: downside to conjugate or demons is they get a charisma save every turn, and if they succeed they're no longer in under your control. After some and demons
Kate Sackton: I'm not going there. I'm just curious.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: tattoo needle creates a shadow, foul brand tattoo
Timothy Sackton: which
Timothy Sackton: gives you a shadowy tattoo that lets you but essentially It gives you dark vision, and
Timothy Sackton:  what else does it do? Once per day you can use a reaction to
Timothy Sackton: in response to taking damage, to gain resistance to the triggering damage.
Timothy Sackton:  And there is. There's a bunch of potions. I'll just add them to you. List. There's the beads of near 18 beads of nourishment.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton:  Cadmos's wand is a rod or a rod is a rod of the pack keeper.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's that?
Mike Sackton: Wait? Isn't that useful?
Timothy Sackton: It gives you
Timothy Sackton: plus one to your spell save D DC. And as an action you can regain a spell slot. But it requires a tunement
Mike Sackton: I might want. That, is it?
Mike Sackton: It's uncommon.
Timothy Sackton: It's the plus one, not the plus 7. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it is
Timothy Sackton: very strongly and not undead themed. But that's okay.
Mike Sackton: Well, let me think about it. I'm not going to switch Tum in right now.
Mike Sackton: regaining a spell. Slots pretty useful.
Kate Sackton: Your elf naps.
Mike Sackton: Well, yes, but you can do it as an action. So like.
Kate Sackton: I know, I know.
Mike Sackton: But an action is something you'd actually never use an action in combat to regain a spell slide because it you're always gonna have something better to do. So
Mike Sackton: I'd rather hold out for a plus 2 route of a pack keeper. That's more useful.
Timothy Sackton: I think. And then the Cassian spell book
Timothy Sackton: has a bunch of spells in it. also lace through with daylight.
Mike Sackton: Do any of us? None of us have any. You can do anything with a spell book.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's 1, 1, 2, though I think we can hang on to it.
Mike Sackton: Well, I think we should give the plus 2 halberd to an Orc. If any of them can do so, we would love it
Eric Rosenbaum: like none of us are going to use a plus 2 halberd. Right right. Don't tell her about what happened the last time we gave an enchanted weapon to a powerful war leader. No, we fixed that. It's totally fine.
Mike Sackton: Eventually.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: I mean, there's no real way to check for curses.
Timothy Sackton: But I mean Hector has been using it for a while.
Timothy Sackton: You're much more like I mean. Cursed I. Most items aren't cursed right, like things you find in a hags hut
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you should be cautious of in general. We know that now.
Mike Sackton:  The boots of speed we definitely want, but we don't. I don't know if
Mike Sackton: well, we want some. Well, because surreptitiously already put them on.
Mike Sackton: I have no objection to well, be taking them at all. I'm just. My only thing is, if you're constantly steady aiming, and therefore can't move. How useful is it that you can move twice as fast. Well, it's super useful, like in that fight where one of the shadow hunters was dragging off Kenza like one of the challenges was, I couldn't get close enough to be in range for both shot.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So
Mike Sackton: not out. I mean, it does make a big difference, because if you are
Timothy Sackton: further than 60 feet away, and you have disadvantage. You can't sneak attack. If you're closer than 60 feet, you still get sneak attack. If an ally is engaged in combat.
Mike Sackton:  I'll send out a I mean, the foldable boat is also super useful. Yeah. Yeah. And now the funnel boat did. We?
Mike Sackton: Doesn't anybody know how to sail?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You do? Okay, I'm an excellent sailor.
Mike Sackton: You seemed a little squarely before when when I was asking, but you do know how to say, Oh, for real?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. sorry. I don't remember coming up for yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, we spent like the first 10 or 15 years of his life just on boats.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Okay. Awesome.
Mike Sackton:  Maybe you didn't hear me. And so your answer that's why you didn't answer.
Mike Sackton: or my mic cut out, or something like that.
Kate Sackton: that never happens.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so just let's wrap up with the hollows. So you've prepared do you? Do you care what of your many, many different kinds of coins? Does it matter to you which ones you leave behind for the Orcs?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whatever is not narratively important for the rest of the campaign.
Timothy Sackton: the most boring ones, most recent Tardonian silver coins will take.
Timothy Sackton: Those are the most common you've got, like 5 500,000 of them
Mike Sackton: perfect
Mike Sackton:  And then all the
Timothy Sackton: all the non-magical treasure from these you're leaving behind to help fund the spells as well.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yeah, and we're weaving behind. Oh, I was going to say Cassian spellbook.
Mike Sackton: I'm not sure we have any real use, for if there's a wizard amongst
Mike Sackton: Wubesh's lieutenants.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it may be useful to hold on to. Okay. Oh, wizards in the Orcs. They've got Druids. And
Mike Sackton: okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, we should keep it.
Mike Sackton: Okay. was there any other useless items now, right like the other items, or the r of the pack keeper. Oh, the demon jam! But let's just let's keep it. And like
Mike Sackton: these things locked up like that somewhere
Kate Sackton: away from the scepter and away from? And does anybody want to be branded with a shadow fell tattoo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the downsides. All the things you said sound great.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, the downside is, you've got a big, shadowy tattoo that runs up your arm. That's we should.
Mike Sackton: We should see if Kenza wants a shadowy tattoo.
Timothy Sackton: it's like that'd be great. Turn the tables on him.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, what are the to me? That thing sounds amazing. What? What are the what does it do again?
Timothy Sackton: it gives you dark vision and once per day you can.  You gain dark vision to a range of
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet.
Timothy Sackton: and when you
Timothy Sackton: take damage it gives you, it gives you one use of uncanny dodge, which is, use this for you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And kind of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah, I mean, I'm totally done for it. But let's let's wait to talk to him. Let's yeah. Let's let's not claim all the magic items without giving Kong a chance to wait.
Timothy Sackton: But it also requires a two-minute. Kong's already full up on Kansas for level.
Timothy Sackton: probably not worth the Tum in just for dark F, and although he could get some use out of the uncanny dodge.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): oh, look! It's Kong
Mike Sackton: A.
Kate Sackton: We were just talking about you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David Kong: Yo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you in like Barcelona, or somewhere like that?
David Kong: actually. Here, hold on for a second. yes, I I just woke up like crazy jet lag. I like forced myself to stay up. if I could try to
like almost 6 in the morning.
David Kong: Can you hear me?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
David Kong: hold on for a second.
David Kong: It's almost 6 in the morning, and I
David Kong: kind of woke up. And this feeling a little awake. So I was like. get you guys to the very end of whatever is going on. I'm assuming you.
David Kong: If he defeated a Polyon, and there's a piece in the
Mike Sackton: we have a brilliant play.
David Kong: You have a brilliant set plan.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Our brilliant plan is to we've risen behind in the Orkish city
Mike Sackton: to fortify it with spell, so that any undead that enter die. Well, we go out and destroy the sceptre.
Mike Sackton: That's what we're doing. We're going to destroy the sector. Yep.
Mike Sackton: that's our New Hampshire.
David Kong: Wow, epic.
David Kong: hold on for a second. Right?
Mike Sackton: See? My video, yeah, it's like, you're weirdly close to the camera. We can only see like half your face. Hold on! Hold on! Hold on! But let me. How do I?
David Kong: I don't want to flip the camera.
David Kong: Yes, seeing anything. Now, what are you seeing?
Mike Sackton: No, because of Tim's backdrop, it would edit out anything that isn't like a human face. So oh, now we're seeing our oh, wow! How cool. Wow, amazing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, this is like, I got an airbnb that's like.
David Kong: like, holy crap. That's the view out your window.
David Kong: This is the view of my window. Yeah, across the street from a cigarette. A familiar. That's amazing. Yeah, that this is. It's literally right here. Yeah, that's ridiculous.
David Kong: Yeah. So it's like, I only have this place for one night, like it was only available for this one in the evening. I randomly stumbled upon it, but I was like, you know what
David Kong: I should probably stay here, because this is like one of my house. It's like, Have this we do, you know.
David Kong: Well, I figure it, too, because it's like, you know, I'm in front of this like epic. holy
David Kong: It just feels like D, and D, you know.
Timothy Sackton: anyways, guys, yeah, I hope I'm not interrupting. But I I just I don't know. We were just wrapping up, but just to so
Timothy Sackton: so let's see. So here we are setting the scene for the end of the session. Oh, also, are we going to fix people with the hollow space that's gonna happen? you all level up as you leave.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello!
Timothy Sackton: awesome. So you gotta you get another spells on, anyway, Mike.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: prompt.
Timothy Sackton: So after
Timothy Sackton: a day
Timothy Sackton: when so after the a morning of interrogations, where you learned from
Timothy Sackton: speaking to Antonia, who turned out to be something of a
Timothy Sackton: Frank Korean supremacist, but hated Undead more than
Timothy Sackton: Nondran Koreans, and once
Timothy Sackton: she learned that Apollon was actually some sort of undead litch trying to
Timothy Sackton: rule the world as an undead army. Decide if you want to know part of that, and reveal to you something of what was happening.
Timothy Sackton: And speaking with the one of the twins, who seems, you know. perfectly happy to stay trapped in the mirror until you figured out how to cure his brother. you concocted a plan to keep crash from
Timothy Sackton: past, ever possibly getting the receptor
Timothy Sackton: by having Rizwin cast
Timothy Sackton: forbearance for 12 h a day.
Timothy Sackton: fortifying the entire city, prevented any undead from
Timothy Sackton: entering at all, and just on a siege for for 30 days, or however long it takes you to fly north.
David Kong: find a volcano, and toss the scepter in. This is like the best idea we've ever had. Holy shit!
David Kong: Wow! That sounds so smart
Timothy Sackton: meanwhile, as you've prepared to leave hopefully.
Timothy Sackton: quietly, so that oh, by the way, you also killed Cassian.
Timothy Sackton: he said he did not deserve to live.
David Kong: Damn! How do we kill him?
Mike Sackton: We just executed him.
Timothy Sackton: We'll be. We'll be. We'll be as he was trying to cast the spell that was about to be double counter spelled.
David Kong: Oh, so so while we called him okay, well, he's the death bringer. Well, he's the
Mike Sackton: Cassian was kind of an ass. He did not deserve to live. I think Wabi would have been perfectly happy to kill Cassie, and like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): oh! In the battle he was going to kill him in the battle. He wanted to kill him, and we we in Adam for Antonio did tell us that Cassian and garage almost certainly telepathy communicated while he was trapped.
David Kong: Hmm, okay.
Timothy Sackton: which you could have figured out. If you have remembered that gosh has send it, and that funding works across interplan or boundaries.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So, Antonio. after being helpful you. she agreed to hang out in the mirror for a couple of years till things settle down. and then
Timothy Sackton: and then Live in exile in the northern part of the Tardonian Empire, not meddling in affairs again.
Timothy Sackton: Good! I
Timothy Sackton: and Briswyn tried to cure a secret of his curse, and saw this like weird ice gargoyle clutched on his back.
Kate Sackton: Oh, fuck you, you haven't fixed that yet. So now, as Rizwin finishes, casting the hollow spell
Timothy Sackton: which blesses an area with divine magic.
Timothy Sackton: preventing any sort of fay or undead from entering the area and preventing any sort of possession by Fay, or on dead or demons or fiends.
Timothy Sackton: from being in a fact in the area
Timothy Sackton: seeker is reluctantly dragged into the room. and you see, all of you. Now see this
Timothy Sackton: this like sort of like little curled up kind of gargoyle of ice, with its claws stuck in Seeker's back. Just start to screech as it begins to melt away as seekers pulled into the hollow spell, and suddenly there is this
Timothy Sackton: burst of snow
Timothy Sackton: to that sorry? I'll close the windows
Timothy Sackton: too loud. I'm going to talk. Who who can hear you, Laura.
Timothy Sackton: because all my windows
Timothy Sackton:  Suddenly there is this burst of
Timothy Sackton: of. I see snow that puss out from behind seeker.
Timothy Sackton: and you look up.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker, and
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: cold that has been running through you is washed out. The heat doesn't bother you anymore.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret sort of visibly shakes himself off like
Eric Rosenbaum: that was very, very strange.
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel chilly all of a sudden.
Eric Rosenbaum: Glad to thank you, Rizwin.
Kate Sackton: Let me back
Eric Rosenbaum: to be clear. We can now navigate the
Eric Rosenbaum: the stone ship a little lower in the atmosphere.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was only doing that
Eric Rosenbaum: to get the fresh, cold air way up there
David Kong: 50,
Timothy Sackton: so
Kate Sackton: to be released.
Mike Sackton:  I won't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we last you make
Eric Rosenbaum: worst, had said ever.
Timothy Sackton: no.
Kate Sackton: hmm!
Mike Sackton: You hear me?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Mike Sackton: I want to see if the hollow frees the cleansed
Kate Sackton: yeah, that's what I meant. Let's let out the brother.
Mike Sackton: So you let out Vargas, who is
Timothy Sackton: the brother of alias.
Timothy Sackton: and he he steps out, and he kind of blinks his eyes and
Timothy Sackton: shakes his head briefly, and he
Timothy Sackton: looks up at you and
Timothy Sackton: just kind of his face goes blank.
Kate Sackton: So he stays blank. Yeah, effectively.
Mike Sackton: Okay, all right. Well, I'll tell Valius that we'll come up with the next idea.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: is quietly led back into the mirror.
Kate Sackton: Eventually we'll just have to get our hands on that crown and throw it into a volcano.
Mike Sackton: That might be yeah.
Timothy Sackton: right. So
Timothy Sackton: an Antonio said, mentioned the 3 artifacts of a poly on
Timothy Sackton: the scepter which he knew about the cloak which he knew about. and the crown of purity which was the crown that Fausto you the like black iron crown with
David Kong: Yeah, mark gems that fast to use to create the shadow creatures. How possessed
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: Vola and Hector and this Guy Vardas, who are
David Kong: plants right possessed by the
Mike Sackton: so the crown has sceptre like powers. Yes.
David Kong: slightly different. Not like mass control. It's yeah. But like individual manipulation isn't the ring of another one. The undying ring
Timothy Sackton: that seems to be
Timothy Sackton: not well. According to Antonio, it wasn't required for
Timothy Sackton: amazing and poly
Eric Rosenbaum: She could have been misinformed.
Mike Sackton: So so all of these items need to be collected to for her and to be raised. Well, we're learning Antonia was. Fausto told Antonia that Napoleon was dead.
Mike Sackton: and that he was working to resurrect Apollon from his tomb and restore him to life. so that he could bring forth a new drink or an age
Mike Sackton: makes sense right. leaving out the part that he's actually an undead creature.
David Kong:  what? So? She was totally squicked out by Undead. She hated on debt, and when she came to believe
Mike Sackton: that Apollon was actually undead. Not dead right? He thought. Like he was dead, and he he was going to be brought by a wife. He's very alive, not a lot. Exactly. So when she came to believe that
Mike Sackton: we sort of convinced her that appallion was actually undead, and then she sort of switched allegiance and told us everything she knew.
Mike Sackton: Basically, I still like a kind of creepy drink, oriented premises to things everybody else should like.
Mike Sackton: But at least she she cut out it.
David Kong: we should make that we should make T-shirts that say not not not not not not not not not alive. I still don't quite know what these artifacts, I mean.
Mike Sackton: Fausto told her. You only needed 3. He needed the crown, the scepter, and the cloak.
Mike Sackton: Whether that's true, we don't know.
David Kong: What are they used, for if they are not for raising him.
David Kong: is he?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the cloak wasn't one of his artifacts, though right?
Kate Sackton: I mean he stole it and used it for a while. He wanted it.
Timothy Sackton: He stole that.
Timothy Sackton: but he didn't make it.
Mike Sackton: Can we show the quote? Did we already do this? Do we look at the cloak in the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: can we?
David Kong: Hell, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, let's let's do that and then go to bed.
Mike Sackton: Let's look at yeah. The mirrors of the thinner.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's
Mike Sackton: the ark, and shadowy and evil in the cloak is like pretty rainbow. I you also didn't tell us that much about the golden halfling skull.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: which I also want to look at in the mirror. Oh, there's most of them had a gilded, a real hapling skull gilded with gold.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the fuck
Kate Sackton: that is not magical in and of itself
Mike Sackton: just weird. Well, you can keep that, and you can look at it. The mirror. You can only look at what I know I know. So
Mike Sackton: so let's do the cloak. Yeah, for sure.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So as you. as you prepare to leave, say goodbye to Rizwin.
Timothy Sackton: transfer some gold to the Orcs so that they can get. Oh, that's the other thing is, if they get if the Orcs can get 30,000 gold worth of ruby dust. They can make the forbearance spell permanent on their city.
David Kong: The risen cast it every, casts it every day for 30 days. and then we at we got the ruby dust.
Timothy Sackton: the Orcs. You gave them some gold the Orcs are going to like. Send out a call across their whole kingdom. Everybody bring you us their rubies.
David Kong: Got it? Wow!
Kate Sackton: When we're done here, while we, when rizwin is done, the Orkish city will be immune to undead. It'll be awesome. That's amazing. That's so amazing. Wow, that will be the one place that will survive when the rest of Talgar falls. Yeah, it's like a funky little nesting doll. It's like immune to undead keeps out all godly influence except for this one hollowed room, which keeps out all sorts of very intricate.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: okay, so what are you? What is your question? You want to center the vision of the cloak on?
David Kong: Maybe we should ask something about the cloak, as it relates to a poly on?
Kate Sackton: Or do the Orcs deserve to ask like something about this heritage that they've been wondering.
David Kong: not be selfish. That's interesting.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know if this is the question, but part of it is like, what was it made for like for what?
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't we want to know what a Polyon wanted to use it for? Or is that the same question?
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe a different question, different because it was not made by a
Kate Sackton: well, the Orcs, I mean. Do we confirm the Orkish legend that it was made
Kate Sackton: intentionally by the fate for the custom purpose of keeping out rack, or whatever their name is. the Orkish God.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then into the
Kate Sackton: like. That's isn't that the legend there, Lord master told us.
Eric Rosenbaum: sounds right
Timothy Sackton: sorry what I was reviewing my notes for the cloak story. What what did you say?
Kate Sackton: Didn't their lord master say that it was intentionally made by a fay for the benefit of the works to keep out Thrack, or whatever his name is. Yeah.
David Kong: I mean, if we ask about how was it made? Selfishly for us, it would be good to understand more fully why Polygon wants it, because it's not totally clear why the hell he even wants that like, if it's like, why is that even useful for him.
David Kong: unless there there may be some interesting thing where it's like. The cloak is a part of him getting free because he may be trapped in some way. There may be some godly influence that's keeping him there, and if you can put it on, and maybe you know I I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, how do we find that out, though?
David Kong: Because we have to learn any greater detail how it works?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So he he did have it at some point, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: he did. Yeah, when you saw the vision of the scepter he was wearing the cl he was when I think oh, right.
David Kong: So the what? What he was using it for? Why, he covers. Why he coveted it. Why does he covet it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'll probably
Timothy Sackton: okay. somebody. Little D 20
Kate Sackton: where you view typing people who can type stuff.
Mike Sackton: I get it.
Mike Sackton: 19.
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: you hold up.
Timothy Sackton: You ask Lubash to pull the cloak to the mayor and modes it up.
Timothy Sackton: and the scene fades.
Timothy Sackton: and you see
David Kong: you
Timothy Sackton: The first thing you see
Timothy Sackton: is
Timothy Sackton: a field of clouds.
Timothy Sackton: glowing bright, and
Timothy Sackton: many colored.
Timothy Sackton: lit as if by the setting sun.
Timothy Sackton: And you see
Timothy Sackton:  hands, delicate fay hands  pulling on these clouds, weaving threads out of the sky
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: binding them together.
Timothy Sackton: a cloak coming into being from these threads as
Timothy Sackton:  The clouds themselves are distilled. The light of the sunset is distilled.
Timothy Sackton: I'm into this magic
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: weaving motion as the the fay creature who is creating this
Timothy Sackton: This cloak? begins to.
Timothy Sackton: We've back and forth, back and forth,
Timothy Sackton: repetitively building up many, many layers of these
Timothy Sackton: cloud threads together. The light sparkling off them.
Timothy Sackton: and the sparkling light, the bright, shimmering
Timothy Sackton: image
Timothy Sackton: remains flickering on the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: as you see
Timothy Sackton:  as you see
Timothy Sackton:  a war.
Timothy Sackton: you see a soldier. an orc
Timothy Sackton: wearing the cloak armed.
Timothy Sackton: armored, and heavy plate mail, carrying this giant sword,
Timothy Sackton: fighting desperately as
Timothy Sackton: twisting tendrils of black energy rap
Timothy Sackton: around his hands and pull him back, and he staggers to his knees.  And then
Timothy Sackton: you see a poly on
Timothy Sackton: for
Timothy Sackton:  in full power. Wearing not the cloak, but flowing robes. wearing
Timothy Sackton: the dark iron crown on his head. Step forward, and it looks like he speaks just a single word.
Timothy Sackton: and the Orc dies instantly.
Timothy Sackton: and he steps forward and picks up the cloak
Timothy Sackton: cast set on his shoulders.
Timothy Sackton: and begins to walk the shimmering light around the mirror, staying here
Timothy Sackton: until
Timothy Sackton: you see him sitting brooding, Apollon wearing the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: I'm in a room
Timothy Sackton: high in a tower. You can see the sky out the window.
Timothy Sackton: and he's arguing.
Timothy Sackton: arguing with it. A man
Timothy Sackton: wearing
Timothy Sackton: wearing bright robes. With an elegant face,
Timothy Sackton: flex of silver scales in his skin and red eyes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What the language of this team?
Timothy Sackton: Drag it
David Kong: the Dragon.
Timothy Sackton: They are speaking Draconic.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if you are able to read Drakana. I I understand your conic, I know, but you can't hear of. Well, we need to read lips.
Timothy Sackton: But you we established. You can't really read lips in a language you don't know. So
Timothy Sackton:  They
Timothy Sackton: they seem to be having a heated argument, and the
Timothy Sackton: man with the
Timothy Sackton: silvery scales and the red eyes
Timothy Sackton:  pounding on the table, seemingly yelling at a poly on
David Kong: it doesn't look like schemat, does it?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, kinda
David Kong: okay, all right, that makes it more alright.
Timothy Sackton: And he stands up
Timothy Sackton: and he turns around.
Timothy Sackton: and as he trails his hand.
Timothy Sackton: He app
Timothy Sackton: begins to vanish, and he turns around and he looks
Timothy Sackton: back at a polyon, and he says. this time in
Timothy Sackton: it is almost as if he is speaking.
Timothy Sackton: It's it's a weird sensation like you can almost feel the echoes of these words through the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: and it sounds like he's saying something like
Timothy Sackton: you will pay for this betrayal.
Timothy Sackton: And the words echo
Timothy Sackton: everywhere, and you can almost see the vibrations
Timothy Sackton: of the sound as these words spread.
Timothy Sackton: and he and this dragon creature vanishes.
Timothy Sackton: and you see poly on
Timothy Sackton: now sitting
Timothy Sackton: sometime later
Timothy Sackton: lost and fought.
Timothy Sackton: presum, this is like. you know. Thinking after this occurred.
Timothy Sackton: and the bright shimmering of the sheet of the scene remains. The bright shimmering around the around the mirror as the scene shifts once more.
Timothy Sackton:  And you see now
Timothy Sackton: a scene
Timothy Sackton: not too dissimilar to one you had seen before.
Timothy Sackton: You see a poly on wearing the cloak.
Timothy Sackton: carrying the scepter in the crown. Standing before a large crowd.
Timothy Sackton: He is standing now in front, you can see of a
Timothy Sackton: very large. much larger than life size, like 2030 feet tall statue of himself
Timothy Sackton: and the people in front of him. He is holding up the scepter, and he's pulled the cloak around himself.
Timothy Sackton:  and the people in front of him are
Timothy Sackton: bowed below him, as if in
Timothy Sackton: prayer or
Timothy Sackton: genuflection or awe. as he seems to be commanding or orchestrating them with the scepter and the
Timothy Sackton: statue behind him. This enormous statue of a polyon seems to glow and pulse and collect
Timothy Sackton: sparkling tendrils of the cloak as
Timothy Sackton: he's as a Polyon speaks to the adoring crowds before him.
Timothy Sackton: And then the scene. The mirror goes black.
Timothy Sackton: the scene ends.
David Kong: Did we see a scene of him using it before he got betrayed.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: just fighting for it.
David Kong: when he's in that like with the adoring crowds, is that is, that drank? Or is that obviously drank or
David Kong: okay?
David Kong: Oh, you're muted.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's Shima a god. Are we going to end up allied with Shima begins to Paul him that we're so much dead. He was a dragon.
David Kong: but I I think it would be interesting if we learned that Apollo unwittingly helped our helped us in our last campaign to feed. Shamadi probably did, somehow
David Kong: my enemy's enemy.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, possibly
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Arian was dead, too.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's start.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean that
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that makes it less comforting that we killed Shamut, I mean a Polyon was dead
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So in the back
Eric Rosenbaum: the statue is somehow linked to the cloak. It sounds like.
David Kong: or the cloak has the ability to so like. So what did we see? We saw like the crowd, and we saw the tendrils where the tendrils coming from him into the statue, or from the crowd, into the statute
Timothy Sackton: sort of flowing from the crowd through him.
Timothy Sackton: and then lighting up the statue.
David Kong: Does he like animating like a giant like huge column of himself, using the energy of the crowd
Eric Rosenbaum: like he's trying to turn himself into a god.
David Kong: Yeah, like, is there? Are there like Grant, Corey and legends of like 30 foot. Oh, we should have somebody research that
Eric Rosenbaum: the statue is this it? Yeah, yeah.
David Kong: yeah, we have somebody to research the hell out of that statute.
David Kong: Did we saw it well enough, Tim, to like.
David Kong: you know? Let's try to figure that out.
Timothy Sackton: I I mean. No, he was not animating the statue. You you have our rumors that I mean. There was definitely a claim before that a Polyon wanted to become a God.
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, so this is him trying to become a God. Yeah.
David Kong: Well, that's how you become a god. If people need to believe you, people need to believe that you are God, and then you also need protection against other gods that don't want you to become a guy. Right? Recall Shamutt's whole thing was, there should be no gods.
David Kong: Philosophical
David Kong: headloggers!
Kate Sackton: They were buddies against the other gods until she might realize that the probably I want to be a God. Once he got rid of the.
David Kong: It's sort of like Antonio with the undead thing, like we're all on the same team until we realize that we're not.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Tulgarian theology is is very dynamic.
David Kong: Yeah. Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: drama? huh! Well, I think we learned something here.
David Kong: Wait really quickly. How do we? How are we? What's our plan to destroy the supper?
Timothy Sackton: That was my next question. So as as we end the session now, a few days after the battle with Rizwin.
Timothy Sackton: having created her hollows, hollowed sanctuary, and now setting into the routine of
Timothy Sackton: prayer and
Timothy Sackton: sprinkling of ruby dust around the city to protect it from
Timothy Sackton: from
Timothy Sackton: and Dad. Well, you the rest of you fly. I'm guessing that night, so that is dark, and nobody can see where you go
Timothy Sackton: heading off in the skyship to where? Exactly
Mike Sackton: that. Where's Kong's volcano?
David Kong: Oh, yeah, only fun, I mean, that's really far. But we could go there.
Kate Sackton: I mean, just because the the storm giants said, not all volcanoes would have the same
David Kong: capacity through the volcano that I went, that my volcano is.
Timothy Sackton: that's like 5,004 or 5,000 miles away. That would take you quite a while.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I think we should head towards the northern volcanoes
Mike Sackton: north of the Green sea.
Mike Sackton: But I think we might want to.
Mike Sackton: I mean, do we have to know exactly where we're going?
Eric Rosenbaum: You're heading north?
Well, I need something to. I need to
David Kong: to make an adventure.
Timothy Sackton: I need a little bit of prep before. Oh.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we're trying to find a volcano in the North. I don't think we know exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who is that
Kate Sackton: when you as want to go visit the friendly university?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, like.
Mike Sackton: like, you're welcome to give us hints as to the right way to go find a volcano in the North that happened to a wine with the Avenger you prepared.
David Kong: Oh, we should also do some augury right. This would be a good augury thing. It's it's 1230 at night, and I don't really want to have a half hour conversation about the best plan.
Timothy Sackton: I don't need a there's no don't need a plan.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But okay, I'll I'll do this. I'll give you 3 choice. Go ahead. What are you gonna say, is toll on the sorry is tolling on the way to the volcano in the north. Do you just stop there and chicken and the University
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): figure out on the way. Which one of the volcano is this connected to the planet fire and then continue on to that one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pick up your cod
Eric Rosenbaum: that's west, not north. Yeah, that's it's got the right fingers. If we can find them.
Timothy Sackton: That's pretty close to where you're going, you have to make a decision about
Timothy Sackton: whether that's worth the extra time or not
Eric Rosenbaum: do that on the way back.
Timothy Sackton: So so this is all I need. Basic framework
Timothy Sackton: volcano tol in plus volcanism.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): perfect. Because if you mentioned anything else that might seem interesting, we'll do that first. Yeah, don't give us more options.
Timothy Sackton: Well, all those things that I actually want you to do.
Mike Sackton: They learned my lesson.
David Kong: Side quest is the main question, I know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, I did.
Eric Rosenbaum: dragon hoard, and here the Malwar peninsula to our list of side quests. Oh, definitely right, what is it? Yeah. There was a story. So Valias and Vargas, the 2 twins, one of whom is cleanse the other one. They were like mercenaries, basically, but they weren't very good. They spend a lot of their time. It's kind of finding nice
Timothy Sackton: pubs to drink at
Timothy Sackton:  and they went off to the the mountains that separate the Malwar peninsula from the Tardonian Empire. They
Timothy Sackton: went off to. There was rumors that there was a dragon that was killed there, but the horde was never found. Look for the horde, and they never found it. And then they got core and
Timothy Sackton: like their parents, needed money. So that's how they fell in with fasto cool. So let's go get that hard.
Kate Sackton: Oh, I thought it was the horde you guys already fought, and the dragon wasn't quite so dead.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, this is a different one. This is the one that that Mike's Mawar character fought when he was like a teenager.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: the draw up or a lions intersect. Nice.
David Kong: So what time are we meeting here for next week.
David Kong: Alex, we'll drive out together.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So I I started a text thread. Thursday. We got to figure out what time people want to leave. But I think the plan is to have 2 cars leave
Mike Sackton: Boston area on Thursday, the twentieth.
Mike Sackton: just because they have people that
Mike Sackton: Thursday, the 27. Sorry. What am I saying? There's the 20 seventh based on, and people's work schedules. And when? How early people leave and stuff like that. But the goal is to leave pretty early because Schwartz is
Mike Sackton: joining us at like some way time between what 2 and 3 ish?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I'm so I'm free, like Thursday afternoon on, but then I have to take off Saturday morning right? Like 10 or 11 or something so like late afternoon. And Thursday works great for me. Dinner time is fine, like it's yeah, it's all good. So we should. All the 4 of us who are coming from Boston should figure out
Timothy Sackton: coordinate parts, and what time to leave Thursday.
David Kong: leaving Saturday morning, the 20 ninth.
Timothy Sackton: I'm planning on staying, currently putting on, staying through Sunday. So if people want to stick around an extra night.
Timothy Sackton: we wouldn't do main campaign stuff, but we could do whatever we wanted. But I'm have to leave, or relatively early on Sunday, so anybody sticks around till Sunday has to be prepared to leave like by like 9 ish, or something like that
David Kong: that works.
David Kong: Eric, would you say, Mike?
Mike Sackton:  I'm not sure either. Dana has to work that weekend, but I don't know if she has to work Saturday or Sunday.
Mike Sackton: If she has to work Sunday, I would probably stay till Sunday, because what's I'm not going to go home Saturday.